Hole in the Hills	Abandoned mine	 This abandoned copper mine has recently been occupied by a band of displaced and hungry goblins. These goblins have been making raids against the local sheepherders. They carry off sheep because the sheep don't seem to fight back as much as the sheepherders do.
Hilltop Ruins	Castle ruin	 This ancient ruin would have held a commanding view of the valley. The place is so old that no one really knows who built it. Despite it's lack of known history, there seems to be a new and unpleasant denizen living in the cellars and dungeons of the ruin every week.
The Filth Outside, the City's Refuse	Urban rubbish heap	 Outside the city's walls, a half mile downriver atop a low-lying marsh is the city's main rubbish heap. The place is a swamp, a cesspool, and a labyrinth of stacked garbage. It is a den for scavengers and a treasure trove for beggars. Several kobold tribes, more than one type of carrion-eater, and a vicious gang of beggar-thieves (led by a wererat named Oskher) have made themselves at home among the moist mess that the city belches forth daily. Barges carry the trash downriver to a crude landing and then filthy lugs cart the trash from the landing to fill in whatever open spot is convenient.
The Filth Below, the City Sewers	City sewers	 Below the city streets are the narrow sewers that carry run-off and other filth to the river. The newer portions of the sewers are connected by tunnels barely large enough for a child, but the older pipes are tall enough and wide enough for grown men to walk upright, wading through the filth. Once a year, the city sweeps out the rats, oozes, toxic fish, and other filthy critters. Occasionally they find something truly dangerous has taken up residence in the filth below.
The Thunderdome	Prison/arena on a floating earth mote	 "Welcome! All who come here will die!" Nestor, Lord of the Cloud Giants greets you. This is where he releases his prisoners into an enormous central cavern in the lowest levels of his flying mountain fortress. Several galleries for spectators, often including Nestor himself, are perched high on the walls. Prisoners begin in the central cavern, but most run for one of the exit tunnels to avoid the pair of nearly-blind ancient white dragons chained within it. In the tunnels are a variety of hungry beasts and restless dead. If you are fortunate enough not to become something's meal, there is a good change that a wrong step will send you sliding down a chute that opens up into the sky beneath the fortress.
King Cirthoeil's Dungeon	Underground prison	 Carved into an enormous rock at the fork where two rivers meet, the wood elf king reigns over the forest from this fortress. He keeps his prisoners in the damp lower levels. At times when the rivers rise, the hewn-stone chambers flood. The passages twist and rise and fall in a confusing pattern, making escape difficult. Even if you make it past the guards, you will need to manage to sneak out over one of the two main drawbridges to escape.
The Bone Crypt	Monastery ruin/crypt	 Beneath the ruins of the shadow monks' monastery are many crypts, but none like this. The written accounts have been lost, but legends hold that a powerful shadow-brother demanded this crypt be built as a monument to honor death itself. The crypt is small, only a few rooms, but every inch of the walls and ceilings are covered in intricately assembled designs made of humanoid bones. Fully assembled skeletons are mounted to the walls and ceilings and swirling patterns of bone cover the spaces in between. The locals fear the monastery, but they shudder at the mention of the Bone Crypt.
Crypt of Death's Kiss	Temple complex/crypt	 The temple complex dedicated to the sun god has been here for over a thousand years, but worshipers of the sun god have only been here for a few centuries. Parts of the original temple are still intact in the lower levels, a temple dedicated to a long-forgotten the goddess of death. Her servants lie waiting for her return, waiting for the light of the sun god to burn out.
The Ruined City of Cherunalem	Ancient ruin	 This was once a thriving town of brick and stone buildings and paved stone streets. Centuries ago, a nearby volcano underwent a massive eruption that sent lava flows down against the walls and that engulfed the town and its residents in a cloud of burning hot ash. Now it is remembered in song, and any who visit will find a strange ghostly reminder of its former vibrancy.
The Caverns of Flamesong Mountain	Active Volcano	 Flamesong Mountain towers above the plane around it, quietly waiting to unleash its fury—as it did at least once before, long in the past. In living memory, it does little more than occasionally belch a small puff of ash a few times a year. Within the mountain, are twisting, inter-connected tunnels left by rapid lava flows of more violent eruptions. The air in the tunnels is hot and stinks of sulfur. Stories speak of red dragons, fire giants, and efreet living below Flamesong, but these may be nothing more than stories.
Frozen Caverns of Gr'guth	Ice caves	 Below the mountains, far to the north, Gr'guth the Mighty Frost Giant King holds court. Gr'gurth's court is a pretty dull place, since there are rarely visitors in his cold and inhospitable realm. He leaves the front door unguarded and waits impatiently for guests to arrive for dinner. If you can't find your way through the mazes of tunnels to meet your host, you needn't worry: his wolves will find you.
The Sitadel	Primary stronghold in the Puppy Realm	 This world is an unending sea of puppies rising and falling like turbulent waves in an ocean. The Sitadel is made of compact and shaped puppies and holds their most valued and malicious of the PUPulation. High up in the Sitadel's towers reigns the most powerful illusionist puppy in the realm Booo, forever looking like the cutest stuffed animal puppy. In contrast, down below in the darkest dungeons resides the most mangy lot imanginable, the Pound Puppies.
Sacred Sky Burial of the Elves	A heavily trapped tower	 The elves have long buried their most glorious dead on top of or within their Sacred Sky Tower. They bury them with their most precious items, armor, and weapons. This temps would-be grave robbers and adventurers and thus the elves have made each level leading up to the tower a labyrinth of puzzles and traps. What most don't know is that there is an ancient Lamp at the top of the tower with a demon of undead trapped inside. They keep the demon and their dead just in case the elves ever need an army to protect themselves. However, someone has quietly broke into the tower and is trying to call forth the undead army, under his own control.
The Tomb of Skal'Tor Resh	Crypt	 Skal'Tor Resh was once among the most powerful individual on the face of the world. His tactical capabilities were unequalled, yet they paled in comparison with his mastery of the arcane arts. His desire for power led him into making one of the most deeply loathed deals ever known - he sold the souls of the whole of his nation in exchange for untold power as the champion of Hell. In such a fashion were the tieflings created, and in their anger they overthrew him. He was interred in this almighty cavernous crypt, designed as much to keep people out as to keep him in.
Sacred Cenote	A Cenote that used to be a place of worship	 As you descend the cool, wet stone steps into the cenote you can feel an unnatural presence surrounding you. You make it to the bottom and see an altar on the other side of a murky pool of water. A series of stone platforms seems to provide safe passage across the pool. Suddenly the water erupts violently and lashes out at you. What do you do?
The Crypt	A crypt underneath a graveyard.	 The entrance to the bottom level of the crypt is accessed through a secret tunnel underneath the only tombs sarcophagus. Upon descending the stairs you find yourself is a sort of waiting room with a portion of the west wall collapsed. Going through the collapsed wall you enter a natural cavern with a pool of water that leads to the natural cavern to the north. Heading north from the entrance to the bottom level is a hallway with sarcophagi lining the walls in alcoves. Continuing north you encounter a chapel to the dark gods and another collapsed wall leading to natural caverns. Heading down the staircase to the east you are faced with two options. South leads to a room lined with cells. North leads to what appears to be a room for performing dark rituals. There is also a staircase that leads to a hidden exit on the surface.
Ancient Blood God Temple	Abandoned Temple	 A long since forgotten religion devoted to blood left this temple and it was reclaimed by nature, the inside is relatively untouched. A simple layout, there are locked doors controlled by puzzles involving blood or similar fluid.
Driftwood Tree	Natural Formation	 A species of tree that seems to be extinct, gigantic portions of these trees occasionally wash ashore. The tree has large natural spaces within it that become home to semi aquatic creatures when washed ashore. Many chambers will be water filled.
Soundless Halls	Cultist abode	 An underground network of halls and small rooms designed to remove all sound and echo, people can barely hear each other in here, being alone can cause one to go insane. The cultists occupying these spaces believe sound corrupts the soul.
Giant's Puzzle	Ruin	 Not a traditional dungeon. Ancient ruins in ring shapes, sometimes concentric sometimes spacey placed. The rings rotate when some of the ruins are interacted with (Usually via small puzzle or key). When the ings are aligned in a certain way "something happens".
Void Chambers	Deep Dungeon	 Originally an ancient torture/imprisonment method. Huge underground areas (Sometimes several miles across) a carved out in hard stone areas, with minimal ventilation and very infrequent entrance/exits. The idea is that prisoners would be dropped in and never be able to leave. After being abandoned for a long time, burrowing creatures left the areas somewhat populated.
Hall of Drugs	Trial Dungeon	 Great alchemists and healers, some banished for extreme practices. Have been know to take up residence in old crypts. Gatekeepers would keep visitors from progressing further until they try a drug the gatekeeper supplies, the afflicted would then face a trial of some description, before meeting the next gatekeeper/trial. These dungeons often reward visitors with potions or antidotes.
Double Helix Dungeon	Dual-Dungeon	 Two thin spiraling corridors with many doors, puzzles and enemies. Parties must enter each helix, the doors in the dungeon will only open when the other party has reached a certain point. If a party tries to backtrack all doors on the other helix will lock.
The Burial mound of the Morakki People	Graveyard	 Small burial chambers by an ancient people, it was practiced by the great people of this tribe to leave treasure in their graves, and allow any with sufficient skill to claim this treasure.
Gusty caves	Natural formation	 A network of narrow caves atop a mountain, wind blows harshly through them, making it dangerous to even enter. One day an entire bag of gold landed in a town at the base of the mountain, treasure hunters have since attempted to explore the caves.
Adventures Guild Dungeon	Adventures Guild Basement	 A prestigious Adventurers Guild requires official member's to carry a small metal insignia. This insignia can only be obtained from one place, the very lowest floor of their basement/dungeon. The dungeon is filled with a variety of trials designed to test if one is ready to be a top-class adventurer.
Ghost Ship Eventide	The Eventide	 An abandoned vessel is seen drifting in the fog on moonless nights, with ragged sails and not a crewman to be seen. It has been spotted near each of the six gates of the Dread Lich - gates which have long since been captured and closed lest those undead armies return.
Vault of Arjuna / Forge of the Gods	Water Based Dungeon	 A vast cavern carved down to magma, the Forge of the Gods is where the mighty smith set to work for a thousand days and nights to craft the armaments of the Heavenly Host before they went to battle their cousins in a brutal civil war. On the last day, Arjuna realized that he could not be part of the slaughter. He created a lake above his forge and hid his creations in an extra-dimensional vault, one only reachable by turning the turbines which once powered his bellows. The only thing he said is "My treasures will only return when my forge is left in ruins, vanishing like tendrils of vapor in a hurricane." To open the vault, you must drain the lake into the forge. The steam turns the turbines, opening the vault.
Blackberry Falls	Village / Armpit of the Kingdom	 Blackberry Falls is a stinking pit of a village located in the swamps beneath the eponymous waterfall. The town has no non-humans, no government, and only a lecherous priest and Butch the local thug to impose order. Everything stinks, everything sucks, and everyone is racist, xenophobic, or the doddering old buffoon who runs "Crispy Critters: Frog on a Stick!" Blackberry Falls, mistakenly presumed to be an idyllic riverfront paradise, is chosen as the site of upcoming peace talks. The players have been tasked with ensuring the town is up to the task.
Witch Hunt	Trap/Torture maze	 As the adventurers walk through a forest they encounter twin brothers, one with a pitchfork and the other with a torch and shortsword. Upon questioning, the two brothers proclaim with naive gusto that they are on a “witch hunt”. The brothers will explain that there are witches living in a cabin in the forest who have been abducting members of their village and they intend to put a stop to it once and for all, inviting the party members to join them on their hunt. If the party does not accept the invitation, the brothers will continue on their way peacefully. If the party accepts the invitation, the brothers will lead them down the path to the witch cabin. They will crouch at the edge of the woods to observe the cabin, whispering tales of the witches’ kidnappings and evil deeds to the party. After a short time observing the cabin, the brothers will state that the witches must be out and that it would be best to wait inside and ambush them upon returning. The brothers will lead the party into the house, suspiciously looking around at the insides. If the PCs perform a search of the cabin, they can easily find a trap door which leads to the basement. The brothers will otherwise find the trap door and suggest that they go into the basement to wait for the witches so that they aren’t seen through the windows, and they will lead the way down. Once the entire party has entered the basement, the brothers will look around suspiciously, waving their torch. They turn toward the party and smile as their disguises melt away and they reveal themselves as the witches and they will be hunting the party. The basement goes dark, leaving the party to illuminate their own way and two cackling female voices will echo through the labyrinthine dungeon/basement. “We’re on a witch hunt… a witch hunt.” “A witch hunt a witch hunt...” “Run run run run...” as the witches run away from the party before combat begins. The dungeon will be played by the board game “Labrynth” with the PCs arranged in the center of the board and the witches dispersed. The witch monsters can each use their action to shift the rows and columns of the dungeon by placing a single random square. This ability has a three round cooldown (the dungeon can only reform once every three rounds). After the witches are defeated, the walls crumble away, leaving a grid of columns underneath the house with the illuminated ladder in the center of the game board. Monsters: 2 Hags
Flooded Mines	Underwater caverns	 This seaside mine once provided ore and gems to the surrounding communities until the sea level rose and flooded it. Strange creatures from the depths now occupy its watery chambers.
The Glass Menagerie	Abandoned Atelier	 These ruins were once the workshop and playground of a powerful wizard. Living glass creatures roam what were once gardens and buildings, attacking any who dare to enter.
Halls of Glauchrysos	Ant Tunnels	 This labyrinthine tunnel complex was once home for a great Myrmidon queen known as Glauchrysos. She and her brood lived here and mined until they were driven out by the humans nearby. Since their departure, the fungal gardens have overgrown, and now the tunnels are inhabited by monsters twisted by plague.
Moaning Grotto	Natural Formation	 This cave is named for the keening wail produced by wind blowing through it. It was (or perhaps still is) used as a hidden base by a rebel faction, who relied on rumors of it being haunted to keep their presence secret.
Nine-Fingers' Keep	Castle	 A wooden castle which houses the local baronet. While he once was generous, he has since squandered his wealth, and now is looking to replenish his coffers by other means.
Jaundice Point	Natural Formation	 At the westernmost edge of Cape Somerset, there is a great stretch of coast lined with cliffs. There is only one possible landing for ailing ships: Jaundice Point. But the point serves not as a safe haven so much as the entrance to a great maze of mud and fog and razor-sharp rocks -- and rumors of a strange creature lurking in the mist.
City of the Crown	Ruin	 The City of the Crown was the gem of human civilization before the rift opened and demons crept their way into the hearts of man. Now, it is home only to the Lord of Hate and his gibbering entourage.
Belly of the Whale	Animal	 The Leviathan dwells at the bottom of the ocean, a great whale that can swallow ships if it so desires -- and it does. Who knows what else has been devoured by the thing over the years. And what happens if the Leviathan and Behemoth have their great battle with the PCs still inside?
Labyrinth of the White Tree	Mythical tree with healing pattern hidden at center of maze	 At the center of this maze there is a tree that bears magical fruit and is rumored to be able to bring someone back from the brink of death. There are reports of changing paths, deadly creatures, and things that go bump in the night. Will you be able to save your beloved by bringing out a fruit?
Labyrinth of Sword & Song	Ancient ruins that require 3 tuning forks to open	 the labyrinth consists of 4 larger rooms with lots of tunnels connecting them with lots if dead ends and traps. 3 of the rooms contain a puzzle involving the 3 tuning forks. if all 3 riddles are solved correctly the party is given a sword that makes the final room with the boss fight significantly easier.
Fat Kroll's Kave	Single Room Hideaway	 A modest, unmarked entryway leads to a dimly lit hall. No longer than needed to get away from the elements, a single room at the end of the hallway is illuminated by firelight. Inside, Kroll; a very fat, greasy and grumbly foe. Always angry, always hungry, Kroll responds to all intruders with yelling and scratching at the doorway to his room. He's too large to escape, after being brought foodstuff from an unknown source, he's trapped. Defeat Kroll, gain his belongings. There is enough space in the room to fight and remember, he's too big to get past the door!
Vault of the Planes	Arcane Repository	 Long ago a wizard was tasked with guarding a small trove of powerful items, and to only give them to those who prove worthy. He built an small pocket dimension as a vault with a long-forgotten entrance. When the adventurers discover the place he is willing to part with some of the treasures. However, in addition to the group proving themselves worthy, he requires entertainment of some kind, because he bound his soul to the vault shortly before death and has been bored ever since.
The Dark Sepulcher of The Old Queen	Decrepit Royal Crypt	 This sepulcher was created for the realm's queen long ago as she was dying. On her deathbed, mercenaries burst in and kidnapped her, taking her to the nearly-finished crypt. There, a necromancer planned to use her body for an undead experiment, but it went awry. With her dying breath, she cursed the sepulcher with undeath. She passed away, but - filled with rage - returned from the dead and killed the necromancer and his henchmen. Legend says they're still down there, shambling through the halls.
Scorched Rock Temple	Temple of Cultist of Fire	 Deep inside Fires of Life (Volcanic Mountain), lies a sprawling temple dedicated to a long forgotten deity of fire. First to bring civilization to the humanoid populations, these previous miners, settlers, and blacksmiths had uncovered a terrible secret. Bonding with the elemental plane of fire, they slowly became more industrious. Over a period of many years, they slowed the amount of trade coming out of the mountain. Not long after, no one who went to see what became of the settlers came back. Inside is a sprawling city, devoted to the worship of fire. A crucible at the heart of the city feeds the forges, where they create not weapons of steel, or iron, but weapons of fire. Flame elementals roam the city streets, the people themselves are devoid of hair, many more have harvested the power of fire into powerful magic. Broken into quarters this city houses 6,000 fiery souls, and untold elementals. The crucible at the center of the magma chamber is used for worship 4 times a day. As they mine deeper into the mountain, seeking to create a physical connection to the elemental plane of fire. This is displacing typical cavernous creatures. Umberhulks, goblins, kobolds, druegar, dwarves, and illithid. Leading to multiple factions, and multiple nooks and crannies to fill with all sorts of motivations.
Troll Cave and under complex	Small cave system, where the rear has collapsed into a ancient Stone Giant Prison	 Eons ago during the time of Giants, before their empires were destroyed by the coming of dragons, Stone Giants of the land created many wonders. This prison was one of them. Carved deep underground, it was made to hold some of the worst enemies of their Empire, and even darker forces. Ages past, and giants were scattered to the winds, their kingdoms gone, their cities charred rubble. The prison remained, forgotten underground. Many prisoners were left to starve in their cells. Some, bound by ancient and powerful magic live on, suspended in time by their heavy stone manacles. In the deepest levels a red glow can be seen, and mad roaring heard. Great and powerful demons were caught and bound here, to be shackled eternally.
The Patchwork Dragon	Dragon's Cave	 A gang of previously harmless kobolds begins raiding villages with the help of an odd looking dragon. A single young dragon is captured by hunters after a raid and they discover the Dragon is actually a rogue modron in a dragon costume...
Belly of the Purple Worm	A Shifting Dungeon	 Your PC's are offered by the cult of the purple Worm, they are swallowed whole, now they must fight there way through the the beast itself. Encountering lost civilizations, whole town swallowed whole, as well as many creatures who have also been devoured by the Purple Worm.
Temple of the Silver Blades	Temple Ruins, Shadow/Plant theme	 The Silent Vales are governed by a druidic council of Elves, Lizardfolk and Men, but half a millennia ago they were entirely under the dominion of the Council of Thorns. An elite order of spies and killers enforced their will, eliminating trespassers and silently removing threats to elven sovereignity. A spate of recent murders among high-ranking druids and shamans has the council on edge- something is stalking the leylines between sacred sites, emerging in their inner sanctums to dispatch its victims quickly and quietly. Rumor has it the Silver Blades were capable of travelling in such a manner, but the order was destroyed centuries ago, their temple crumbling and overgrown, predatory plants and feral beasts lurking in the ruins. None remain that possess the skills and knowledge of the Silver Blades... right?
The House of Light	Cliffside Monastery, Light/Wind theme	 For the first time in years, the orcish tribes in the western badlands have sent emissaries to the border, suing for peace. The only problem is, the colonial authorities have no idea what they're talking about- the border has seen very little conflict for over a decade now, and neither side has been keen to start anything. Rumors trickle in, though, of pilgrims and devotees of Pelor flocking to a once-abandoned temple on the edge of orcish lands, of a holy army of spirits led by a resurrected paladin, and of something rocketing through the skies, sundering tribal camps with rays of searing light. Who is this knight, and why are they trying to restart a vicious campaign that ended centuries ago?
Emberhold Awakened	Dwarven forge-complex, Machines & Magma theme	 The Embershard clan has been nursing a bitter grudge ever since their clan was exiled from the hold generations ago. Successful mercenaries and northern traders, their clan lord has recently mobilised a large number of clansmen and machinery. They travel by longship to the north, along the coast of the Worldspine mountains, in a bid to reclaim an ancient forge-complex built and operated by their forefathers. The complex is accessed through a fjord leading into the heart of Goliath territory- and worse, the entrance sits at the base of the Skyshard, the tallest mountain on the continent and the stone-skins most sacred holy site. The peace between native Goliath and colonial dwarves can be fragile at times, but the Embershards' actions may provoke a full-blown war unless the party stops them from reawakening the forge, and the fury of the arcane war machines that lay dormant within.
The Hyperborean Orrery	Frozen-over Mage's Research Facility, Ice/Magic theme	 The last of the four heroes, the Archmage travelled far to the north to establish a research facility, from which she conducted magical experiments and educated those talented enough to reach her. The complex sits on a small island in the middle of a frozen lake, an expanse of ice that stretches for miles in every direction. After almost a century, however, communications stopped coming from the Orrery, and the pass that led to it was rendered inaccessible thanks to weather, landslides and a tribe of Goliath taking up residence. For those fool enough to travel the distance and brave the elements, there may be riches and knowledge beyond imagining. But the facility, half-buried in snow, crumbling walls exposed to the howling blizzards, is dangerous in itself. Traps, enchantments and magical constructs still defend the corpse-littered halls, and lost experiments may lurk in the wings, seething with madness and hatred. Worse, something pulses with arcane power and malevolent intelligence at the bottom of the facility, a chamber suspended within the depths of the frigid lake...
Solipzoa	Gargantuan space creature	 A creature that clasps onto buildings and planets, slowly driving the inhabitants insane. It can be controlled by the master who is able to command it psionically while residing in it's stomach. It keeps parasites inside it's body to get rid of the intruders it can see or taste within it's body. One way to keep intruders out is a sphincter full of teeth and eyes. One eye has a sensitive nerve that, when closed, will open the sphincter.
The Bifurcated Forks of Mentat	Extradimensional Maze	 Mentat was a Psionicist and Diviner of great skill. He constructed this structure as a means to explore the possibilities of his past choices and those yet to come. His enemies took advantage of his meditative state while there and slew him unleashing the bound energies he was manipulating. Now the temple is an inhospitable place of strange angles, doors that lead to places they cannot, and rooms that should be impossible. It is said that anyone foolish enough to enter will face every mistake they've ever made come to life.
