The Common Inn	Tavern	 Welcome to the Common Inn. Everything is quite ordinary, you see, there's nothing special about us. In fact, we make a point of it. If you speak anything but Common, we'll kick you out. But don't worry - that rarely happens. Come on in!
Aunty Agatha's Apothecary	Creepy building in the woods	 There's no one here. So how did we know it was Aunty Agatha's? And what's that's scratching noise - there, hear it? No? It's like it's in my head - very strange. Oh well - I'm sure it's nothing.
Austr'alia	Land of death and Roos	 Some sort of time vortex where everyone sleeps when they should be awake, and vice-versa. Full of things that want to kill. Just... kill in general.
Shimmerpeak Castle	Castle on a mountain peak	 Shimmerpeak stands proud at the tallest peak of a mountain range. It is always summer when you're near the castle. Years after it has been used, it remains pristine and almost glowing. They say that the last king who ruled over it still walks its halls with his wife and kids. They say it because its true. He's very nice, you can go talk to him. Just don't mention orcs.
The Feytouched Vale	Large enchanted forest	 They say that the barrier between the Feywild and the mortal plane is thin in the forest, and has given the Vale a mind of its own. The Vale is not cruel, any who wish to live and hunt within its borders is welcome to, as long as they are not greedy. You may build lone homes, but attempts to settle towns or build infrastructure are met with mysterious disappearances. The Vale protects itself, mind yourself while you're there.
Zanlamin	Dwarven stronghold	 Zanlamin is a dwarven city deep within the mountain that bears the same name. Its namesake was a Goliath hero that saved the city from destruction from an army of orcs alone by defending a passageway into the city for hours, before finally collapsing the pass when he tired, killing himself and all the orcs. His axe, Earthsplitter, was recovered and now rests over the throne of the dwarven king.
Mysteries and More	Arcaneum and Trinket shop	 Mysteries and More is a store run by a mysterious figure, that few have ever seen. The wonders you can find inside are unlike any others in the world. That's what the company line is. In reality, it is a store with a darkness spell cast on it, where the owner, a shrimpy elf named Taranius used magic to make his voice seem mysterious as he reveals simple items one at a time. He wears a sign on his neck that says "If you can see me, please don't spoil the mystery"
Kadosi Falls	Waterfall vacation destination	 Kadosi Falls is a beautiful and idyllic beach and waterfall tucked away in a secluded grove. Beyond its legendary scenery, the falls are a popular vacation point because time seems to go slower while you are there. A simple vacation of a day can seem like weeks to those near it. There are whispered rumors that on rare occasions, the magic doesn't seem to work right and those who enter the grove disappear for months or years, only to suddenly reappear as if they had never left.
Garnack's Greenhouse	Orcish Herbalist	 Dis my green house. Not all things green here. Not make much sense. It all pretty. And useful. Can't remember how. I try one. I get sick? I try new one. My little flowers.
Nimbuss	Monestary	 If you travel high enough up the mountains, there is a place were the clouds are so dense that you can walk on them as if they were solid ground. It is here that the monks have built their home, meditating with the wind and conversing with the breeze. News travels most quickly through the wind and the monks have heard it all.
Sapphire Caves	Wilderness cave system	 A small system of caves on the edge of some ocean cliffs. Springs well up from within, and warm, crystal clear water trickles into streams, which empty into the sea. The majority of the caves have been unexplored, though there are constant expeditions within.
House of Marble	Abandoned home in town	 When Mizer Lone, the wealtheist merchant for hundreds of miles, died, his sons sealed his marble home, and hired dozens of guards to patrol the location at all hours of the day.
The Luninaria	Lighthouse	 A mile off the shore of Port City (insert name here), there is a small rocky island. A dozen years ago, a few druids got together and built a weather station there to monitor sea storms, and a few years later, a lighthouse was built as well. The druids are very picky about who they allow on the the island.
Karten's Bowl	Weird wilderness location	 About a mile into a large, mostly unexplored forest, there is a clearing where no vegation grows. In the center of the clearing is a smooth crater, almost a hundred feet across, and perfectly circular. All around the crater are the stone ruins of some ancient, small homes. No one lives here, and the homes don't appear to have been abandoned for any particular reason. Some rangers, led by Fraen Karten, have recently set up camp in the area, and use it as a staging ground to further explore the forest.
Sally's Spider Shop	Town shop	 Sally sells spiders. Kept in glass cases and jars, Sally has almost all known spider species available. She never harms them, and she always makes sure the buyer is going to take very good care of them, and not use them for any nefarious ends.
The Honey Mill	Brewery, bar, taproom	 Brothers Jonas and Elias Vaden founded a brewery a dozen years ago. They are known regionally for their famous Vaden Honey Ale. They have recently expanded to include a large taproom and stage, where famous entertainers visit to perform.
Spook Hill	Haunted Hill in a Swamp	 Many years ago a gnome village was plagued by raids of a huge alligator. The Chief, a great warrior, killed the gator in a battle that created a small lake. The chief was buried on the north side in a large mound. Travelers to the area report a great sound of thrashing and yells in the middle of the night. Is this the gator seeking revenge, or the chief still trying to protect his land?
Temple of the Lake	Neutral good temple dedicated to the Lady of the Lake	 The Temple of the Lake was founded by the lady of the lake who after naming the king of the land desired to maintain a watch to ensure that he and his descendants would stay pure and honest leaders. The core ideals of healing and purity have being passed on through the order now know as the Maidens of the lake who man her temple. They are willing to heal any and all travelers who pass through no matter how nefarious as to judge them would be to make their mind impure, this means that even criminals can seek sanctuary at the temple so their wounds may heal. The temple itself is unique as the entire building is lightly flooded so that every inch of it is a pool a foot deep of pure spring water. This water never gets dirty and is perfectly clear, however someone trying to sneak though the temple will find that it slows them down and makes loud splashing noises no matter how carefully they walk.
Bronzburg	Remote village	 Nestled in valley between the Copper Hills and the Green Mountains is this quaint village. The site has been occupied for centuries as the hills were mined for their rich deposits of copper, which was sent north to be forged into bronze. When the mines went dry, the valley was largely forgotten; only a handful of families remain, growing vegetables and raising sheep, but hardly enough people to fill the old buildings. Two or three times a year a few travelers come to the village with dry goods and news of the outside world.
The Village Square	Small market	 An ancient oak tree dominates the grassy square at the center of the village. A handful of market stalls have been set up by farm women, selling turnips, carrots, onions, and cabbages mostly; a young boy is hawks salted mutton and sheep's cheese from a cart; and an old woman offers some crudely woven wool garments. A half dozen people gather at the far end where a peddler from outside the valley is drawing curiosities out of his enormous sack.
The Shadowwood	Ancient forest	 The Shadowwood is a dark and ancient forest, framed by jagged peaks to the east and west and frozen lands to the north. There are legends that an ancient king built a town at its southern edge, hoping to use the wood to fuel his forges, bringing iron out of the mountains. But the forest fought back, swallowing the town whole. Most travelers avoid the Shadowwood: many say only the dead walk among its trees, some say that there are still elves living there who wish to be left alone, and even the bravest of hunters will only venture a short distance in.
Steelmoon Academy	Wizarding school	 The Steelmoon Academy is located atop a low peak in the foothills of the Great Mountains. It is said to be built upon the site of an ancient monastery of shadow monks who fled the place when a dragon claimed the territory. The inhabitants of the academy are reclusive, and they are led by a mysterious wizard called Gerwac, the Knowing. Admission to the academy is by invitation only, and those who study there rarely return to their hometowns.
The Broken Road	Mountain pass	 In the Age of Peace, the ancient people of the Western Kingdoms and the Southern States enjoyed a flourishing trade with the Eastern Empire, and that trade went along the Great Road that spanned the continent, snaking through a pass in the Mountains of Thunder. The ancients built several bridges and tunnels along with way-point stations to make the crossing possible, though still treacherous, for carts and wagons. When the Dragon-Emperor of the East tried to cross the mountains with his Army of 100,000 to invade the West, several wizards cast an earth-shattering spell that shook the world—breaking bridges, collapsing tunnels, and causing avalanches—, sending many of the easterners plummeting to their deaths and the rest fleeing for their lives. The place has since been known in the West as the Broken Road.
The Enchanting Antique Shoppe	Curiosity shop	 Next to a seedy looking tavern on Magpie Lane is a door marked with chipped paint, "The Enchanting Antique Shoppe, D. Obskur, Prop." Down a flight of narrow, winding stairs is a the shop. It is little more than a musty closet with a high ceiling and wooden counter with an open door revealing a room with more shelves beyond. The flickering torchlight reveals all manner of odds and ends on the shelves: lanterns, statuettes, glass vials, glass bottles, spyglasses, unusual brass instruments, fine leather purses, richly embroidered silk pouches, and books of many shapes and sizes.
The Ancient Altar	Altar	 Disused and covered in moss, and that couldn't possibly be a pool of blood seemingly fresh upon the slab? Could it? No that would just be insane...
The Deep Hatchet	Tavern	 Got an issue bubbling up with your neighbour or associate? Don't let it fester, reconnect over a cold brew at the Deep Hatchet, never mind that most guests depart missing a large chunk of their spine, totally unrelated.
The Poorly Lit Alley	Alleyway	 Got some business to attend to? Or perhaps some 'business'? Whatever your needs the poorly lit alley has been known to provide to the most esoteric of requests, but what giveth is soon taken away, weak jugulars be wary.
Xaranth	City	 Built around the eggs of Tiamat and Bahamut, the city is concentric, with a clear plan and design to each segment.
Chichester's Tavern	Tavern	 This tavern is apprarently perfectly ordinary, until after everyone has gone home, and the barkeep Chitchester pulls on the elk's antler, opening a secret door leading to his underground base, built with the riches from, and to defend against enemies made during his extensive adventuring career.
Trading Ghost	Trading Town	 An entire town lies in the mountains, it appears very well maintained with signs from multiple races across the faces of buildings and shops. Only, there's skeletons in the lanes, behind the counters and in the shops, obviously rotted clean from years of exposure. The carts continue to set up of their own accord beside the skeleton near the well, where the bucket goes up and down in an empty well. No sign of magic is apparent, but at night ghostly shapes sleep in their clean beds over skeletons centuries old.
The Sanctuary	Free Trade City	 SANCTUARY! Where anything goes! You're safe here folks, bring your wares, your people, your forbidden magics! Here in the desert no one can hear you scream about all these amazing deals!!!!!
The Tower O' Power	Mage's Tower	 It climbs into the sky, a sign posted at the front says enter at your own risk, make it past the traps to speak to the Mage. The local boys have made a game of trying to get to the top, they say the Mage will grant a wish to whoever makes it. They've only made it to the second floor though, seems like the tower fills with water and flushes em out rather regularly.
Froog's Haven	Farming Village	 A simple farming village on the Southern edge of the mountains, east of the River, West of the Forest, North of the Trade routes and a few days from the local Mage's Tower. Watch out for the Town's Elder though, she can talk for hours about the crops, and the goblins, and the time a Giant came through, and the nice lad she met growing up, and the Mage who came through another time.
Bank of Moradin	Bank	 Run by Dwarves, guarded by Constructs and Rune encrusted armor, rumour says that those who dare attempt to steal from it, are never seen again. And shortly after they try screams are heard from below the ground, and a green mist flows from the storm drains, and hooves are heard stomping around them.
The Spire	Magical Research Institute/Tourist Center	 Welcome to the Spire. First floor: Tourist center, gift shop, food court (Try our magically-generated sausages!). Magical items can be purchased based on availability in the various market stalls. Custom requests can be submitted through the Information Desk. Second Floor and above are not open freely to the general public. Access is only granted through tours or by appointment.
Corantis	City bisected by a river	 Each side of this large, sprawling city is dedicated to a different deity. To the west, most people devoutly worship Heironeous. To the east, Hextor reigns. Needless to say, things are rather tense, and the local government is having a somewhat difficult time.
Sarumat of Nchzzar	Dwarven Kingdom	 Many of the dwarven kingdoms of old collapsed millennia ago, pushing many of the stonefolk into a life above ground in the Bothvar hinterlands of the north. One of the few realms to have survived this collapse is Nchzzar, a kingdom whose name means “of Polished Basalt” in the old tongue. Nchzzar is all but totally alien to the surface dwarves that have permitted to visit the underground metropole. Art, philosophy, music, theology, and even politics follow unfamiliar, rigid designs emphasizing linearity and hierarchy. At its head is Sarru Enreddu XXXIV, now in the 312th year of his reign.
The Shingles	City Slums	 Officially known as the St. Beleth District, the waterfront slums of Thorenbergh have been known colloquially as the Shingles for the better part of a century. As the principle commercial port between Thorenberg and the Antarres, the Shingles have become a hub for the illicit trade of Raklak powder – a highly addictive substance containing traces of lich dust, Drow venom, and obsidian salt. Three gangsters control most criminal activity in the Shingles: Merewen, a half-elf who believes herself a true elf, heads the city’s most proficient cutpurses and padfoots; Grokk Madfinga, a giant orc who receives instructions from Grummsch via his left pinky, who runs the protection rackets; Scarlet Vera, an elderly Tiefling lady believed to be a high-ranking member in the Guild of Rats.
Turnkey Alley	Craftsman District	 “Go to Logoria, and find a solid door.” – proverb of the Keepers of Silence. There are no finer doorwrights and locksmiths in the world than those found in Turnkey Alley. One might think the trade one of lesser importance, but with the abundance of thieves, assassins, and generally unpleasant folk in the world, sometimes all one wishes is to have a thick door and a sturdy lock in their threshold. Anything involving doors and their construction can be found in Logoria, including the budding ‘metaphysical doorwrights’ – mages who enchant locks, ward doors, and craft items or scrolls with embedded portal magic.
Mount Archos	Semi-Autonomous Region	 A thousand shrines and monasteries dedicated to the god Pelor dot the sun-bleached face of Mount Archos. An enclave run by the Order of the Jagged Sun, Mount Archos is a holy site for many of the world’s humans, who tend towards the worship of Pelor. Officially, it is part of the Droghate of Il-Alargol, and pays a hefty church tax to its orcish overlords; despite this, the orcs tend to leave Archos to its own devices, preferring the steady stream of income to raiding along a different mountain pass. Men are generally prohibited from Mount Archos, although male pilgrims wearing a full, black veil are allowed to pray here in the company of a female companion. The monks of the Jagged Sun, all of them women or those who have given up their gender, name, and personhood to Pelor, enforce this rule strictly – visiting swift death upon those who would defy them.
The Rhadamanthian Throne	Monolithic Structure // Adjoining valley	 Countless bodies in various states of decomposition encircle the Rhadamanthian Throne – a site of important ritual significance to the Thassonic people. It is a solid pillar of dark, polished jade, covered in a dizzying array of historical and religious reliefs and text, extending up nearly 100 meters. The Thassonians believe that the Throne is an extension of their death god, and that by making a pilgrimage and leaving the bodies of the dead here, their loved ones may receive a more lenient judgement of their lives. Whatever the truth of the Throne, two things are evident: the stone from which it was carved extends naturally from beneath the earth, and that it emanates intense necrotic energy. Bodies here decay far more rapidly than normally, and tend to dry out and mummify rather than dry out. Some of the richest can afford to build tombs into the surrounding valley cliffs – most simply pile the bodies at the feet of the Throne wherever there is space.
Rainbow Falls Castle	Castle atop a waterfall	 Built precariously on a small, magically maintained island at the top of Rainbow Falls, the castle has stood for as long as anyone can remember. Despite being on the edge of a waterfall there has never been a case of someone falling off unintentionally.
The Lost City of Quartz	an abandoned city constructed of crystal	 A city of unknown origins made entirely of high quality quartz hidden away in the mountains of Deanor. Constructed by some long forgotten race, all the proportions are slightly off: doors too tall and thin, steps slightly too deep, and buildings constructed at odd angles. If any quartz is taken from the city limits it quickly fades to ordinary rocks and regrows in the city.
Black Fall Mine	Abandoned coal mine	 From out of the mouth of this mine a stream as black as pitch runs. No one knows what caused it, what is know that every time an adventuring party enters the river turns red.
The Laughing Demon	Tavern	 Nothing seems out of the ordinary here, unless you find mounted demon heads fixed in perpetual smiles odd.
The Explorer's Rest	Inn and tavern	 On the outskirts of the jungle where countless yuan-ti and human empires have fallen is this small wooden building. No one knows when it was built, but everyone knows of it. Any expeditions into the ruins of the jungle go through here first. For many adventurers, this is the last building they see.
El'Varoth	Eladrin city-state	 One of the many city-states the high elves once ruled, this is the only one they still hold. It has no walls, yet none have ever dared to go to war with it. El'Varoth is a continent-wide center for trade, the arts, and technology. The farmlands surrounding the city have a primarily human population, and the city is one of the most diverse on the planet, yet it is ruled over by the powerful fey families, constantly jockeying for power.
The Narrows	A Town Divided	 Two small farming communities make up the Narrows - though they fall under the same local government heading, they are affectionally called 'Narrows East' and 'Narrows West'. High in the foot hills, the only road to reach the Narrows leads to Narrows West; a massive dividing canyon runs between the two towns, spanned by a handful of bridges running between stone pillar 'islands'. Narrows West is a fairly idyllic farming town; everyone has plenty to eat and drink, warm shelter against the harsh winter, and are generally friendly. The apple orchards surrounding the town are bountiful year-round. Crossing the bridge, the difference is apparent; the Narrows East orchards are hard-pressed by blight and drought, and require constant tending. However, only the women and children work in the fields; the men are all pressed into the town Militia, patrolling the streets. In particular, the makeshift barricades surrounding the small glen of natural stand trees in the middle of town, which seem unnatural lively...
Wonderbringer's Home	Monastery and Temple complex devoted to Gond	 One of the less popular deities, not as explosive or sexy as some, but useful and interesting just the same, Gond the Wonderbringer has inspired the worship of many hundreds of thousands, of all races (but particularly gnomes!) over the centuries, and it is here, in this otherwise desolate valley on the Isle of Lantan, that an enormous and populous complex of worship places, workshops, storage caverns, clockwork arenas, and warforged enclaves exists, along with vast, trackless lost catacombs of wonder, and abandoned areas full of mystery and intrigue to defy exploration and classification.
The Eternal Forest	An ancient, dark forest	 A slowly expanding forest, that can never be destroyed. Trees can be cut down, but new ones appear in their place moments later. A great source of lumber, but not a nice place to be a lumberjack. Some say the trees are alive, others blame it on spiders that live deep in the forest. Whatever it is, no one stays in the forest very long, for fear of their life.
Maegor	The City of the Living Dead	 A black sun shines darkly in the soot-like skies above the city of the living dead. Inside the sharp, obsidian-lined walls a race of black-eyed beings conduct their business alongside undead servitors of various sizes and stripes. They, too, walk the fine line between life and death. The black sun radiates negative energy down onto the city empowering the undead and, according to some of the more aged carcasses, the dark light keeps the Crawling Cancer from breaking loose and infecting the rest of the daylight world.
Arbold	Small city, heavy trading route	 Arbold, near the river of Dase, is either a big town or a small city, depending on who you ask. The University of Arcane Arts has a small campus here due to the proximity to a trade route, where they buy (and sometimes, sell) magic artifacts and exotic ingredients. However, the old Governor is known to be an specieist, and non-humans are harassed by some of the Guards. The citizens usually disagree with his beliefs, but don't expect them to help you.
Delego city	A city up in the north	 This city is run by druids, who were so desperate for money, turned to casinos. After the massive success they turned it into a full time business. As a result they have become corrupt, and somehow still maintain their druid powers.
Silver Mesa	A city on a mesa top	 The best collection of inventors the world has ever seen, 132 years ago was the first convention of Silver Mesa. Every year since the convention has grown larger, to the point that it is now a city.
GOMA Cleavehide	A ruined castle by the swamp undergoing renovations	 The ruins of Alsgoroth, once a proud city, now a pile of rubble filled to the brim with undead. However after an assault from a group of adventurers they now claim it to be their home. They don't tell anyone this, but GOMA stands for Group Of Misfit Adventurers.
Junk Palace	A pile of junk that is 3 miles wide	 Once the Efreeti told everyone where they could throw their junk, they turned a barren wasteland into a thriving business. Pay to get in and grab as much junk as you can carry from dawn to dusk. If you are not out by the time the gate closes, woe be unto you.
The floating ruins	An island that floats across the sky, and is difficult to find	 The ancient city of the gods, floats aimlessly across the clouds. It is said that there is a tree there, that once planted grows solid gold.
Shevorth Mansion	A lavish mansion on the edge of the mountains	 The inhabitant, a desert elf from the east, is very rich and is interested in the collection of dragon parts. He has furniture covered in the scales of exotic dragons. He is looking to finish his collection of dragons teeth.
Pelor's Church	A church for the people, on the edge of town	 Run by the prophet Zenith, the people love him. He has preached how they will come out of the hard times, and asks for lots of tithing to achieve his gods will.
Misfits inn	Tavern	 Any and all are welcome here! You won't even feel out of place because our employees are probably weirder than you! We have our lovely lady dwarf who would love to spit in your food, but can't even see that high. We also have our beloved half-orc Harry, who is striving to be the best barmaid this side of town.
Rizgardi Library	A sunken library in the desert	 Sometimes the sands shift enough to show you the top of this ancient library from the Rizgardian era. There are certainly ancient texts here that could answer a lot of your questions.
Steelbeard's Clockwork Tower	Wizard Tower, used to be clocktower	 Ever since the Steelbeard, great and powerful wizard known for his literature, moved into the city, he stayed in his tower studying, but nobody knows what exactly is he studying.
The Shattermap Expanse	Magically Afflicted Geography	 A large forested region centered around the capital of an ancient and forgotten world power, whose sudden destruction was enough to shatter both time and space both in the city and throughout the surrounding area. The geography in this region is constantly shifting through space, and often through time. These shifts generally occur imperceptibly, but they become more frequent and more obvious the closer you are to the center, where time has frozen completely around the moment of the cities destruction. Those who enter the city can move perhaps needing protection, but everything around them is frozen and colorless. Armies fill the streets, citizens fleeing and dying. In the castle may lie the source of the disruption, or something worse that spawned from it... All of this is unknown to the modern country who claims the surrounding area. For them, the Shattermap is simply a large and inconvenient mystery, one filled with strange solitary fae and small groups of outcasts and fugitives not worth chasing after. A large road through the forest is maintained using large magical anchor-stones, which absorb and trap magic surges and any fae aggressive enough to try to step onto the road. These stones are discharged (and the emerging fae dispatched) frequently at great risk and expense. Every year the king tries to discontinue this costly maintenance, but the road is used by several powerful merchant families. And so it remains, despite the occasional anchor failure and the accompanying caravans lost into the maw of the forest.
Dryllis' Branch	Giant tree	 A gigantic tree that holds a large meeting hall at ground level. Somehow this meeting hall is no detriment to the tree's health, and everything indicates that it's grown this way naturally. The table in the middle and the chairs seem to be grown by the tree as well. Used by the wood elves for important meetings. Small dwellings for the sages and elders can be found higher up the tree.
Sam's Sailing Shelter	A sailing tavern	 A ship that does not comply with the standard of trade or military use, this large sailing ship is more like a cruise ship. The owner, Sam, sails from location to location and transports passengers for a small fee. It can easily hold a hundred passengers and still have room left for personnel, supplies and entertainment. On-board facilities include a brothel, showers, gambling hall, training room and arena, restaurant and much, much more! The restaurant usually serves some kind of fish.
Cutthroat's Slum	Town district that isn't what it seems	 This part of town is rumored to be filled with beggars, murderers and other scum. A first look around when entering this district might confirm that belief, but if you stay for a bit longer and earn the trust of the locals you'll eventually get to the truth. The people living here are actually part of an underground resistance against the local tyrant. Underneath the layers of filth and gruffness one can find friendliness and assistance. This part of town is also home to the black market.
Cydonia's Warehouse	A temple in an abandoned warehouse	 While this may look like a normal warehouse near the docks, it holds a temple to Cydonia. The priests and believers follow her teachings; to steal from the rich and give to the poor. Their sneakily-obtained loot is stored in this warehouse and divided amongst the people later when the time is right. The stolen money is also used to fund food and drink for their members. It has no special features other than blending in with the nearby warehouses and a hidden connection with the sewers.
The Bastard's Barrell	Tavern/Brothel combination	 This bar is full of the scum of the Earth and piss water ale. All the same, you'll be hard pressed to find a place to sit because the drink is cheap and the girls are just good enough keep the masses coming back.
The Jagged Saw	Mountain Range	 Deep mountains rise to a razor spike amongst the clouds. The traveled path curves amongst ravines. Caves dot the mountain side, though most remain empty. A few are inhabited by goblin/orc war parties from the nearby region. Giant Spiders also lurk in the darkness of the ravines. Though the path is dangerous, it's the shortest route between two large towns, so many caravans take the risk of the journey then spending days going around.
Unification City	Capital city	 Unification City is the centerpoint of the human-elf-dwarf alliance, and is the largest city in the continent. It is dotted by massive skyscrapers left by a long-dead race, and surrounded and lined with a train system that quickly and efficiently transports citizens to their destination. The city, as well as the alliance, is ruled by a theocratic council of three humans, three dwarves, and three elves.
Web Monument	Monument trap	 What appears to be a monument built by an ancient civilization is actually a trap set by a particularly intelligent spider. The monument, which appears roughly similar to Stonehenge, is held together by nearly-invisible web and used to lure the curious to their demise.
The Queen Boiler	Steamboat	 The Queen Boiler is a steamboat that ferries wealthy passengers up and down dangerous rivers. The captain is known for placing the lives of his passengers before his own.
Ridgecrest Barrow	Kobold nest	 This former burial ground was turned into a kobold nest when the Dragon Queen Lady Guura decided that it would make an opportune location for commerce. The barrow's original gloom is covered by the kobold's obsession with shinies. The kobolds of Ridgecrest Barrow are peaceful but tricky. It is rare that a traveler enters without leaving with lighter pockets.
The Stone Kingdom	An isolated kingdom in the mountains	 Once a small village on the edge of the forest, the townsfolk were tired of bandits burning down their houses. So they moved north and carved castles into the mountain. Because you can't burn down a mountain.
Marrath	Anarchic Abandoned City	 Marrath is the kind of place you go when you need to dump the bodies, and for very few other reasons. Built into the bottom of a large crater and long since deserted by the Dwarves when the seemingly rich silver veins beneath the city dried up, it now plays host to everything under the sun. Wary humans mix with cutthroat goblins, territorial Orcs and a few dangerous races from the Underdark. The city's main attraction is that it is an almost direct route down to the depths below, where rare creatures, forgotten secrets and valuable treasures await the daring.
The Dark Side Of The Moon	The Ronsil of locations	 More than just the other half of a celestial body, since it became host to Lu'Nahan the Shadow of the Stars this has become a realm where the shadows of nothing roam. A Shadow of Nothing is a thought without purpose, an idle daydream given flesh by Lu'Nahan. Plucked from the mind of one who suspects nothing of his influence and shaped for their ineffable purposes. On the Dark Side of the Moon these shadows are most plentiful, where their Lord of Cold resides. Though it seems to desire the heat and light of the world the sunlight will burn them and so he lurks in this dark place, waiting for the day he will descend.
Justice	Arena	 Beneath Grimehold Prison is Justice: a room fifteen feet wide, twenty feet long, and only six feet high. Its walls are earthen, its floors the same but beaten solid by countless footfalls. The low ceiling is made of wooden beams. Three trap doors are built into the ceiling: one at each end, and one in the center. Combatants are dropped into the room and made to fight to the death. The winner is freed and the loser is cremated.
Jama's Solar	Private Chamber	 Jama's solar is the highest chamber in Jama's tower. It is private. No one but Jama has entered it since the monks took possession of the castle. The square 15'x15' room features a trap door, a north-facing window, a leaky roof, and a hearth. It is adorned with a small bookcase, a long wooden table covered in maps, an altar, and a dilapidated chair, as well as a few barrels of brewing mead.
The Ginger Cat	Brewery	 A halfling run brewery. Focus mostly on wit beers. All are welcome in their tasting room, but entrance to the brewing parlour is By Invitation Only. The establishment is frequented by a large ginger cat who has a knack for predicting trouble.
Farmur Lobstones' Potatoe Farm and Apothakrey	Farm	 Hob and Lobelia Lobstones are kindly folks, though no one seems to be able to tell if they are gnomes or halflings (some have even "joked" that they "might be goblins", which is surely laughable, yes?). Their potato yield is tremendous every year, with many potatoes growing to the size of melons. Aside from potatoes, customers can purchase here a number of potato-based elixers and remedies including "eye-stane" and "spud-dato" and "tuber-draught." It's unclear what any of these elixers do.
The Mushroom Hole	Hole	 It's basically just a hole full of mushrooms.
Sad-Crow's Nest	-	 The Sad Crow is out, but for how long? The nest is neat; twigs and sticks and branches and trunks arranged in an impossible, impeccable vortex. In the middle are lackluster feathers. Broken eggshells, sticky with dried darkness: caustic, pungent. The crying has started, so it's time to leave.
Oakheart Thicket	Dryad grove in the middle of a city	 This grove consists of a great oak home to a very old and powerful dryad, surrounded by smaller oak trees with lesser dryads in them. The grove forms the heart of the elf/human city of Oakheart, who quite literally is built around the grove to protect it. The old dryad is calm and benevolent, and her and her dryads often take an active role in governing the city.
Mo'goro Stronghold	Orc Stronghold	 A large palisade and several watchtowers surround a large stone fortress, all located on a cliff, with the banner of One-Eye waving from the top. Several rotting elf heads are placed on spears inside the fortress, where orc warriors relentlessly spar against one another. Two ogres are kept in chains, but look rather well-fed and content with their existence.
Tabith	Inconspicuous human town	 Housing 400 halflings, humans, elves and others, this town has a well-known inn and a bustling economy, trading often with larger cities near it. On the last full moon of spring and the first of autumn however, the Tabithians celebrate the coming and passing of summer in a big way. Everyone gets drunk on magical ale created by the town innkeeper, a druid, causing them to partially shift to animal form. A bunch of satyr are summoned to strike up the band, and the party continues in hedonistic fashion for an entire week. Quite a few babies are conceived during these feasts.
Uglstrup	Frost giant town	 This rather large town, the largest in the area, is filled with huge wooden houses with thatched rooves, and lies near the coast. The frost giants who live here rely on fishing, hunting and farming (during the summer) to keep themselves alive, but often go hungry, bored, or both due to the harsh living conditions, at which time the Jarl of Uglstrup sets out on his longships to raid the "weaker races" who live in the lands to the immediate south.
Apothecary Mountain	City and Landmark	 When the gnomes settled this towering mountain, they discovered the "screaming spirits" within the first week. Undeterred by the superstitions of other races, they determined that the "spirits" were actually large pockets of natural gasses that were trapped under the mountain. By the second week, they had determined that the gas escaping the natural vents in the mountain was flammable. By the third week, they had set up shop. Turns out, the gas provided a near infinite supply of natural heat, the mountain provided shelter, and the industry of the gnomes provided the clean conditions necessary to harvest and utilize the alchemical ingredients of the surrounding jungle. Thus, the City of Alchemy was born, and it's production inspired the vast trade networks across the southern jungles. The gasses are directed and used to heat massive vats and boiling chambers filled with various bubbling substances both magical and mundane. The entire city is kept well protected, and outsiders rarely see inside. This has led to the propagation of many mysterious rumors about the mixtures and experiments happening inside the mountain, both malicious and benign.
