7 Bolts of gold embroidered fabric	Trade Goods	 The finest linens from the Far East and fancy royal robes could be made with these.
Silver Sickles	Coins	 These crescent moon-shaped coins are large enough to hold a copper farthing in their inner diameter
Manticore Nesting Materials	Monster Garbage	 Amongst the sticks and rocks that make up the nest, an assortment of rusty weapons, tattered clothes, horse barding and other gear can be found. If the party spends 10 minutes going through it all, they find a scroll case with the King's messenger service emblem on the lid and a few coin purses containing 34 gold pieces.
Mezzard's Pipe	Smoking Pipe	 Mezzard Youngstrike’s pipe. Stories tell that Mezzard used wizard’s weed religiously and was always seen with a pipe in hand or mouth. This pipe’s magic constantly refills its bowl with whatever wizard’s weed is contained in the enchanted pouch connected to it.
Mezzard's Enchanted Pouch	Drug Pouch	 Mezzard Youngstrike’s pouch that is linked to Mezzard’s Pipe. The interior of the pouch is a 20ft square space used to keep Wizard’s Weed and other drugs. The interior of the pouch keeps all plants and drugs fresh for use forever, untainted by outside sources. If you put this pouch in another extradimensional space, ie bag of holding, both extradimensional spaces collapse and a portal to the Astral Plane opens, sucking in anything within 10 feet and teleporting them to a random location on the Astral Plane. The portal is one way.
Coatl Feather	Creature Bits	 This foot long, iridescent feather is supple to the touch. Though it does not retain any of the magical essence of its former owner, it could fetch a reasonable price from a collector or fashion designer.
Illithidium Ingot	Metal	 A 5kg gunmetal gray ingot with an oily purple sheen and spiralling engravings on its surface. Crafted by Mindflayers in the depths below through unspeakable rituals, it is psychoreactive, psionically moldable, and supernaturally durable and useful for crafting if one knows how to work it. Whatever unnatural force binds this metal together is destroyed by purifying sunlight, causing it to rapidly rust away, even when magically enchanted.
Blasphemous Statuettes	Art	 This set of 8cm tall figurines depict the gods engaged in lewd, lascivious, or otherwise despicable acts unbefitting their divine nature. Extensively detailed in all the wrong places. Collectors should be careful not to complete the whole set, lest they bring down the wrath of the heavens upon themselves.
Tome of Arousal	Better than Nothing Magical Item	 This five-thousand word, clinical manual is an immensely detailed description of the physiological and neurological processes of arousal and alertness. Some minor magic has infiltrated the tome and causes a heightened state of self-awareness after ten minutes of reading. Reading the tome for an hour or more produces a sensation akin to continual sexual arousal and stimulation. These effects cease the instant the reader looks away from the tome. If the reader continues to read for longer than 8 hours, they experience random, acute narcoleptic episodes for the following 24 hours.
Skin-bound Ledger	Information	 A small lined notebook bound in supple, tanned leather, with a dedication in the front cover reading "Binding from Reijek, RIP." Touching the ledger produces a deep sense of revulsion strong enough to prevent the weak-willed from looking at its contents. Inside is written a detailed list of transactions, with columns for Name, Quantity (g), Surface Area(m2 ), Skin Quality, and Police Inquiry (y/n?).
Zerth Braid	Consumable Magic Item	 Taken from an elderly Githzerai monk, this 10cm length of dark brown hair contains a shadow of its former owner's psionic power. As an action, it may be used to cast Mage Hand (the hand is invisible) once per short rest. It may also be used to cast Shield as a reaction, but is destroyed in the process as it expends the entirety of its energy.
Orb of Vacuum Polarization	McGuffin	 Filled with scintillating colors and pinpoints of light swirling in a nebula, this large glass orb randomly fills the vacuum of space with infinitesimal matter and anti-matter pairs that immediately annihilate each other. This partially counteracts electric fields in a vacuum, albeit minorly. Sounds powerful, but no one is quite sure what any of that means.
Okayberries	Supplies	 Collected from large shrubberies in the deep woods where little light penetrates the canopy, these slightly unripe, purple berries are hard and mostly flavorless. A creature can use its action to eat an Okayberry. Eating a berry restores 0.5 hitpoints (rounded down), and the berry provides enough nourishment to sustain a creature for 15 minutes. Up to 6d4 berries are found at a time, and spoil after 2 weeks. They never fully ripen or taste any better.
Moistanite	Gems	 Glimmering, clear gems that can be magically produced during storms of wild magic. Each is as brilliant and clear as a diamond, but they are usually larger and less over-priced, though they are- paradoxically- magically inert and useless as components in spells. They are perpetually clammy and precipitate dew even in the driest desert. A large handful of Moistanite may be squeezed to produce a trickle of clean water.
Tin of Inspiration	Better than Nothing Magic Item	 A pocket-sized, metal box with inspirational quotes painted on the side in various languages ("You can do it!", "Follow your dreams!", and, inexplicably, "Losing isn't so bad!"). Opening the hinged lid of the box reveals a small illusory locker room containing a coach in the middle of a high-pitched, half-time pep-talk to a group of underdogs. Closer inspection reveals every entity in the box has the exact physical features of the person who opened the box. The speech will continue as long as the box is open, though the coach becomes increasingly desperate, sweaty, and incoherent after 2 hours. When the box is closed, there is a barely audible cheer of "Team spirit!" from the entities.
Overly-excited Throwing Stars	Ranged	 Sentient shuriken that when thrown scream "Wheeeee!", negating sneak attack damage.
Porcelain Plate of Anger	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 This white dinner plate is simply adorned with a blue stripe that goes around the brim. When someone picks up the plate, they must immediately make a will save (or game equivalent) or be irrationally angry for 1d4+1 rounds. In addition, the plate is then immediately thrown against the nearest wall or ground (This effect takes up the first round of anger). The plate shatters upon impact, but magically fixes itself after 1d6 minutes. The rage effect can happen three of times per day per person. If the person picking up the plate is a barbarian that has rage rounds, these rounds can be used as free rage rounds. The number of rounds caused by the plate does not count against the number of rounds they can rage in a day.
Simple Bunting	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 A brightly-colored flag checkered with a diamond-pattern, this seemingly innocuous piece of fabric is both stylish and functional. When worn or attached to a weapon, the bunting creates a chameleon-like effect and coats the clothing of the wearer in an illusionary layer matching the color/pattern of the bunting.
Obsidian Star	Gems	 Carved out of jet-black obsidian, this star-shaped gemstone is a wonder to behold. It is always cold to the touch, even when placed in the hottest furnace. Only Dwarves possess the capabilities and knowledge to cut or reshape this precious gemstone.
Tangled Wire Mesh	Art	 It's a bundle of metal bits fused together with heat. That's it. But it's classified as 'art' so I'm sure somebody would be willing to pay a hefty sum for it. It's a shame the artist didn't want to take credit for such a memorable piece.
Bell of Bleating	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 A simple brass bell that is typically found around the neck of a goat. When rung, it mimics the sound of a goat bleating. Become the shepherd you never knew you wanted to be!
Golden Gold-Leaf Leaf	Treasure	 An intricate oak leaf cast in gold and covered in micro-thin gold-leaf. The redundancy is real. Don't leaf it behind!
Blade Tattoo	Consumable Magic Item	 Tattoo and ink set allowing up to 12 tattoos to be made. Can be used to tattoo any non-magical weapon onto a live body. As a bonus action can be removed, tearing the tattoo from the skin, which forms into a bony, fleshy form of that weapon. DC 12 Con when removed, on failure take 1d6 damage and nauseated for one round. On success, take half damage. Weapon dissolves after five minutes.
Folding Bridge	Better than nothing magic items	 This item looks like an unassuming 8 ft. plank of lumber, but close examination of the ends reveals seams in the wood. The seams can be pulled apart to unfold the plank to form a solid bridge of any of the following sizes: It takes a full round to unfold the bridge from one size to the next. It can be folded back up to its portable size at the same rate. Once unfolded, the bridge can be placed across any gap and holds in place without apparent support. It can withstand up to 40,000 pounds in weight; any excess weight causes the bridge to break, permanently destroying it. The bridge can be easily be lifted at either end. Regardless of size the bridge itself always weighs the same as it does in its plank form (15 lb.) plus the weight of whatever is currently atop it. The collapsible bridge can be attuned to a particular person. Once attuned, only that person may unfold or fold the bridge, until it is attuned to someone else. Furthermore, only the person so attuned can lift the bridge once placed.
Inflatable Skeletons Box	Better than nothing magic items	 A palm-sized heaxagonal box carved from ebony, with a removal lid on both sides. Both lids are etched in the design of a skull, one smaller than the other. When opened, the off-white contents within begin inflating rapidly like a balloon filling with gas. If the larger skull lid is removed, after thirty seconds of inflation a human skeleton appears in a free space adjacent to the box. The skeleton is genuine and not in itself magical. If the smaller skull lid is removed, inflation takes twenty seconds and a halfling skeleton appears instead. The box can create one inflatable skeleton per day. If a skeleton is created while another exists, the first crumbles to dust. Perfect for causing distractions, framing enemies, and entertaining at children's parties.
Laughing Idol	Better than nothing magic items	 A six-inch high statuette carved of jade in the likeness of a hugely overweight robed man in the throws of laughter. Once per day, the statuette can be rubbed to immediately cause sapient creatures within a 60-foot radius centred on the statue, with the exception of the creature who rubbed the idol, to make a Wisdom saving throw (DC 13). On a failure, the creature is suddenly immensely amused and unable to contain their high spirits, becoming both incapacitated and restrained on their next turn following the saving throw.
Gideon's Impossible Lantern	Better Than Nothing Magical Item	 The lantern that burns water as it is sometimes known. How exactly Archmage Gideon made this lantern is unknown, but it is known that he never needed candles again and saved a fortune in whale oil. Any liquid that fills the lantern will burn as bright as the bearer wishes it to, but will produce no heat.
Phoenix Downs	Creature Bits	 These soft red feathers are obtained the same way as regular downs, such as from a goose or a swan, but at considerably greater risk for considerably greater profit.
Ring of Farsight	Joke Magical Item	 This pleasantly shiny ring, when turned 3 times about the ring-finger, will show the wearer 5 seconds of what will be happening to their location 3,000 years from now.
Barnaby's Arcane Pulley	Better Than Nothing Magical Item	 This resembles a regular pulley with 200ft of thin string attached to it, however the string is magically reinforced, giving it the ability to move up to 1,000lbs when pulled on.
The Ring of Solomon	Powerful Magical Item	 Not an item to be trifled with, this item gives the user the ability to command creatures not of this plane. The user must raise the ring to point at the creature in question and speak its words of power, whereupon the creature will fall under the user's command unless it is warded by powerful magic. Unfortunately the words of the ring are lost to the mists of time.
Gideon's Last Wish	Better Than Nothing Magical Item	 The last known relic of Archmage Gideon. This amulet hangs around the user's neck with a minor enchantment on it that makes it slightly uncomfortable to wear, unable to be dispelled. The mechanism by which it activates has never been properly observed, however whenever circumstances are dire it lends its aid in some way that may often go unnoticed. Rumour has it that this is the soul of the vanished Gideon himself bound within the amulet, influencing the world with his powerful magic.
Tablet of Yelong	Powerful Magical Item	 The tablet of Yelong was granted to the infamous Warlock by his patron, Orcus. The lord of the undead inscribed it with dark and foreboding runes, that grant whoever holds the tablet the power to raise the dead to fight for him. While Yelong lived no mortal army could destroy him, as with every casualty his forces grew ever stronger. With his death the tablet, untouched by all attempts to destroy it, was sealed in a lead coffin and dropped into the deepest pits of the Underdark.
Ring of Duo-Dimension	Joke magical item	 Upon wearing this cursed ring, which appears to be a Ring of Protection, the character becomes two-dimensional. Their depth is placed on the Astral Plane and they become a 2D being with only width and bredth. From the side they are totally invisible and they can squeeze through any gap without expending additional movement, and are especially vulnerable to being pierced or cut.
High Elf Pipeweed	They call 'em High Elves for a reason	 Commonly burned in the forest courts High Elf Pipeweed is a type of hemp impregnated with the deep magic of the Feywild. When the smoke from burning it in a magical fire is inhaled it may give magical visions of the future or the past, and as such is favored by oracles and soothsayers. Under the effects of antimagic it merely produces a light-headed feeling and a desire to eat apples.
Darkspice	Supplies	 One of the world's most valuable commodities, Darkspice produces a subtle, smokey flavour and a slow-burning heat that is highly prized by gourmets the world over. With the only source for this spice being the caves beneath tropical zones a handful can be worth enough money to keep a man living comfortably for life.
Bloodsoup	Supplies	 The stable of Orcish "cuisine" this bitter vegetable soup apparently tastes like nothing to their palette. Experiments with Half-Orcs have thus far been inconclusive. The main ingredient is bloodgrass and other herbs, along with small amounts of meat. A single waterskin's worth of Bloodsoup can feed an Orc for two days, and it provides a great deal of nourishment for armies on the campaign trail relative to the cost to produce.
The Jib Cutter	Joke Magical Item	 This glittering steel knife, with a jeweled golden hilt, is the bane of dandies everywhere. Upon falling into your hands you become blithe and insensitive, forced to say the first thing that comes into your head in conversation.
Cormac's Kilt of Holding	Just what does he keep under there?	 Fashioned carefully from two Bags of Holding by the Druid Cormac some time ago, the kilt of holding can be worn just like a regular kilt. But as long as the wearer is wearing nothing else underneath it it functions in the same way as a Bag of Holding.
rules	man!	 Similar to a Horn of Valhalla this horn summons a large group of Orcs in place of the regular human berserkers. However they have no proficiency with weapons or armor, and instead carry instruments and dancing shoes with which they will stage a production. There are four different types of horn that produce different types of performance:
The Household Staff	Better Than Nothing Magical Item	 When placed at the centre of a house or mansion with adjacent lands of no less than 5 miles this staff will summon enough Unseen Servants to perform every rudimentary task that needs doing. Cleaning, cooking delicious meals, gardening, slipper fetching etc will all be done by the servants punctually and efficiently. However they will not follow orders from the owner and will continue their tasks until the staff is moved.
The Chronicles of Theodoro Slavado	Information	 Salvado was/is an explorer hired by many influential nobles to map different areas of the world. As such his notes contain detailed descriptions of each place he visited, along with the important figures and the local customs and culture. Salvado's current whereabouts are unknown, the last the was heard of him was just before he voyage to investigate the Cannibal Islands, claiming that "The name can't be that literal."
Valaran's Ring	Magical Item	 Valaran wandered the earth, a prophet to some, an omen of doom to others. Wither he walked he would not say. Some claim he was lost and seeking something that befuddled even him, others that he had seen some vision of a dark future he must prevent, others say he wanders still and is wandering for its own sake. Valaran's ring is named in his honor, though it was worn by men before him and he predicted it would have a thousand masters after he gave it away. When wearing the ring the bearer need only speak the name of their destination and they will be guided there inexorably, led down forgotten paths and routes that offer the quickest travel with the least danger.
Dahrruin's Bow	Powerful Magical Item	 Dahrruin, son of Setenan of the Lancathan Dynasty was a prince of Elvenkind who could shoot another arrow from the sky with his own, or so it was claimed. This bow bears a special affinity for Elves and when wielded by one they may fire arrows with it without being seen and with unerring accuracy, as they whisper through the air to find the throats of enemies.
Crown of the Sunken King	Powerful Magical Item	 A relic of the Sunken City of Hellionsberg, as long as the user is standing waist-deep in salty water the city's portal to the Elemental Plane of Water will disgorge three water elementals every hour that will obey all the user's commands.
Flint & Steel	Powerful Magical Item	 Flint is a greatsword that is a dark, shiny black like polished flint, with a curious and vaguely cruciform groove in the pommel that runs up and onto the blade. When wielded alone it will be nothing more than ordinary. Steel is a shortsword that shines like silver polished to a mirror sheen, imbued with magical properties it will shock living flesh with sparks of electricity when brought into contact with it. When combined the purpose of Flint's groove is made obvious, as Steel fits securely into it and cannot be removed except by the one who is attuned to Flint. When the two combined strike anything flames are produced that will burn the target.
Sarcophagus of the Ancestors	Potentially Useful Magical Item	 While a character lies in the Sarcophagus of the Ancestors without illumination and the lid tightly sealed they may speak to their ancestors. No sound from within the sarcophagus may escape into the outside world and the lid is too heavy to lift from the inside.
Spud Gun	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 No ammunition is required, as this strange cylindrical device reloads itself, presumably from the Elemental Plane of Potato. Range: 30/120 feet Damage: 1 + DEX bludgeoning damage (Unless proficient in Food Fighting, then 1d6 + DEX) Properties: Two-handed, Ranged
Stormplate	Armour	 Wrought in bright steel, this ornate (+1) plate armour has lightning bolt patterns raised from its surface in blue-burnished metal. Other symbols and icons of the Storm Spirits also decorate the armour, and are included on the buckles and clasps. Once per short/long rest, the wearer may, when hit by a melee attack, cause the attacking creature to take 1d8 lightning damage (1d12 if the wearer is associated with the spirits of the storm) as a reaction.
Golden Pseudodragon Statue	Art	 This lifesize golden statue of a pseudodragon is perfect in its detail. The creature is captured, almost photographically, rising on its hind legs, neck outstretched, as if to greet some friendly hand which is in turn reaching out to stroke its reptilian head. Such quality, finesse, and attention to detail is unheard of in modern casting methods, and were it not so preposterous a concept, one could be forgiven for thinking that it might be a living being, cursed by some unknown magics in the distant past.
Perfectly Ordinary ChickenTM	Pet	 It's a chicken.
The Squeezy Dolphin of Endless Water	Magic Item	 This is, to all intents and porpoises, a Decanter of Endless Water, with one small variation - it seems to be a child's toy, which produces only a small squirt of water when squeezed. If this is truly a childs toy, then what does that tell us of the power of the ancient civilisation that created it? And why did it find itself in such a dark and terrible place as where it was found?
Mazes & ManticoresTM GM Set	Gaming Set	 This chest contains a wide variety of items. Maps of made-up continents and cities, sets of polyhedral dice in a variety of colours, pens and pencils, "Character Sheets", and a set of large books talking about "XP" and "Levels".
Dice Tower of Fortune	Meta-Magic Item	 This short rod is assembled from a series of regular polygons, with 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 and 20 sides respectively. You can use one of the dice to achieve the maximum roll of that dice type when one is rolled during the game. In doing so, the corresponding dice vanishes from the block. This is intended to be something that you might even make (from cheap dice and blu-tak, perhaps?) and hand to the player who loots it. It will appear, in-game, to be a simple object, albeit one with a faintly magical aura. Once attuned to the object, the character learns that they can call on its power when in need. I called "meta-magic item" because it's sort of in the boundary between player and character, if that makes any sense.
Tricksy Rope	Magic Item	 Touching the rope will activate it, but will also drain 1d4 HP. Once activated, the rope will obey your mental commands to the best of its ability. It can rear up like a snake, and tie itself in knots. Touching other sections of rope to it will lengthen the rope, whilst decreasing its dexterity.
Tim's Never-Empty Flask	Better than Nothing Magic Item	 This unassuming steel flask is always filled with wine, no matter how many swigs you take.
Eau de Faerie	Better than Nothing Magic Item	 This crystal nebulizer with a pink bulb mists a pleasant floral perfume. The scent of the perfume lasts for one hour after application and makes you irresistible to pixies, sprites, and goblins. These creatures can smell you from up to 1,000 feet away and will attempt to touch you, unless you have shown yourself to be a threat to them. Hobgoblins and bugbears can also smell the scent from 1,000 feet away, but they will become furious when they get within 30 feet of you and realize that you are not, in fact, a tasty pixie or sprite.
Ghoulflesh Scented Candles	Better than Nothing Magic Item	 When you burn this candle, the smoky odor of roasting ghoulflesh fills the room, ideal for setting the mood for foul necromantic rituals, preparing volunteers for human sacrifice, and all manner of depraved acts involving corpses. The scent sickens any living creature that comes within 30 feet of the candle for 1 minute.
Giant Owl Pellet	Creature Bits	 A giant owl pellet is a disgusting tangle of fur, bones, and feathers. Sometimes, if you dig into it, you can find a few coins that some unfortunate creature may have swallowed or carried, thinking them lucky, only to be, in turn, swallowed by a giant owl. The pellet contains 1d4 - 2 silver pieces and 1d6 - 3 copper pieces, if you take the time to pick through it carefully.
Owlbear Pellet	Creature Bits	 If you thought the giant owl pellet was disgusting, you don't want to know what you might find in an owlbear's pellet.
Fire Beetle Glowing Gland	Creature Bits	 This fist-size organ is a little gooey in your hand, but it sheds light like a torch for up to 8 hours after being removed from the beetle.
Crocodile Skin	Creature Bits	 In the right hands, this could make a fine pair of boots.
Lizardfolk Skin	Creature Bits	 In the right hands, this could make a fine pair of boots. Be warned: It's best if you tell everyone the boots are crocodiles. Moralizers who are against the wearing of the pelts of sentient creatures have been known to splash wearers of lizardfolk-skin boots with buckets of chicken blood.
Minotaur's Horns	Creature Bits	 Long, thick, with a pointy tip, these horns would look great over your fireplace. Perhaps you could convince that odd little guy who lived down the lane and liked to whittle too much to carve you a nice pair of hunting horns.
Minotaur's Manhood	Creature Bits	 Long, thick, and covered in coarse fur, legends speak of incredibility virility being gifted upon those who eat it. Some swear by it, and I've heard it tastes quite good in a stew with barley and broccoli.
Eye of the Necromancer	Creature Bits	 This is the necromancer's eye. He put it out with a hot poker, preserved it by mummification, then animated it with a foul ritual. The eye twitches a bit, but otherwise it doesn't appear to do anything. However, the one-eyed necromancer, wherever he is, can see what the eye sees as if it were still in his head (provided he didn't damage it too badly with the hot poker).
Riv Stecke's Guide to Fey Crossings	Book	 This book will help you find the nearest fey crossing to make your way into the Feywild. Most of the fey crossings listed have ceased to function due to being over-run with travelers since the publication of this book. However, a few of them still work. If you have read this book in the last year (it takes three days of downtime to read), you have advantage on knowledge checks relating to fey crossings.
Bold Alehouse Favorites, by Bob Bayfly	Book	 This book is a must-have for the cook in any lonesome wayside inn, bustling city tavern, or adventuring party who's sick of rations. Within the pages of the book are new twists on recipes for salted pork and beans, beef and barley stew, roasted duck with apples, honey-glazed carrots and parsnips, stuffed trout fillets and many more, along with suggested ale and mead pairings. If you have read this book in the last year (it takes two days of downtime to read), you have advantage on checks made using cook's utensils.
Cosmos-ology, by Cal Sargan	Book	 A guide to the multiverse written in plain language by one of the leading experts in metaphysics and interplanar travel. Sargan was the greatest communicator among the wizards, priests, sages, and other scholars of his generation who studied the heavens, the stars, and the strange spaces in between. Tragically, he left the world through a portal several decades ago and has not found his way back. If you have read this book in the last year (it takes ten days of downtime to read), you have advantage on knowledge checks relating to the Astral Sea and the Far Realm.
Interview with Some Vampires, by Ena Neric	Book	 The author spent extensive time meeting with a wide range of known vampires. Her precise question-and-answer style writing has become the definitive work on the subject of these cursed undead. If you have read this book in the last year (it takes three days of downtime to read), you have advantage on knowledge checks relating to the vampires.
Robe of Guilt	Clothing	 This fine black robe will make you look guilty. When a crime is committed while you are in the room or general area, questioning eyes will turn to accusing eyes as they fall upon you.
Moonfear Shield	Shield	 This shiny silver shield is emblazoned with the cycles of the moon, with the full moon largest and nearest the top, surrounded by intricate tree-branch patterns. If during a full moon, a lycanthrope misses you with a melee weapon attack while you are wielding this shield, you can use the opportunity to slip away (you can use your reaction to Disengage [or similar action in other editions]).
Blade of Remove Evil	Sword	 This mundane-looking sword will simply pass through a being of good. A being with impure thoughts or evil ideas will have them purged from him/her for several hours. Due to its affect on free will it is considered unethical and even sinful to use this weapon.
Blade of Reject Evil	Sword	 A well made sword. It passes through all beings, it harms the impure more that the pure of heart. The flaw of this weapon is that the purity of the heart is from the perspective of the target, meaning it will not affect truly evil beings who feel justified in their actions.
Blade of Rebuke Evil	Sword	 A beautiful sword. This incredibly dangerous weapon causes the evil within one hit by it to explode outwards. This blade appears almost sentient, and does not forgive sins. The explosion caused will have a total power based on the total "sins" of an individual over their lifetime.
Blade of Relinquish Evil	Sword	 A broken, rusted sword, one struck by this blade is absolved of all evil. This changes the personality of the target entirely, removing all impure thoughts and memories. This power comes at a cost, for the wielder takes damage equal to the amount of "sin" absolved.
Blade of Realize Evil	Sword	 A common-looking sword, indistinguishable from any other sword, seems to change appearance slightly based on its location. The wielder of this weapon gains a strong sense of how "evil" any opponent is while in combat with them.
Ring of Whoring	Ring	 The wearer of this ring will become the most popular (wo)man in the brothel, despite nothing physically changing. Prostitutes will not ask for payment. No one knows how this enchantment works, but the nature of it leaves it rather valuable to some.
Potion of Dying Will	Consumable	 Drinking this potion will certainly kill its user. It however brings great strength and speed to the one willing so sacrifice everything. The user of this potion are engulfed in harmless flames of their favorite color. It is said that these potions are very rare and usually are only made by accident.
Gnawed Moon Charm	Amulet/Consumable	 A glassy charm in the shape of a moon, with many claw and tooth marks. The person in possession of this item is affected by the werewolf curse, changing on a full moon. If this item is broken by its owners hand at dusk they will become a werewolf that night, regardless of the moon.
Circlet of Endowment	Headpiece	 A rather unclean looking circlet of galvanized steel with a green glass centerpiece. It makes certain features of the wearer appear greater. For men, crotch and shoulders look larger. For women breasts and rear appear larger. A warning, many know the look of this rather unattractive artifact.
Bathhouse silk	Trade goods	 Strange silk often dyed a deep blue. The touch of this silk feels unmistakably as if one is underwater.
Living Paintings	furniture	 Paintings that exhibit a regular and repeating movement, within the picture. Each individual painting is different, and may feature an animal grooming, a person waving or any other small action. Many are too superstitious to have one in their home, the right buyer however would pay handsomely.
Synchronized Sculptures	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 This pair of ~6-inch tall soft clay statuettes are magically linked. Any alterations made to one sculpture are reflected in the other. Disclaimer: the magical sculptor is a slow worker. Changes may take as long as 4 hours to be implemented.
Memories in Amber	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 These typically looking small gemstones contain most cherished memories of a long dead mage. By holding one in a closed fist user can relive stored memory. Originally made for personal use these small trinkets are now their maker's only legacy.
Isuna's Cane	Magic Quarterstaff	 This lengthy staff cultivates a fire within its shaft and can be used in two ways. The wielder can twist the two halves to ignite the staff, which can then be used as a bomb of sorts. The user is advised that, once triggered, the staff will explode within seconds. If instead the user wishes to retain the staff, small bursts of energy can be spouted from the tip.
Barrel of Bubbling Brew	Alcohol	 This large wooden keg is bound with leather straps for easy transportation. The barrel is filled with a wonderful dwarven ale that seems to create its own endless effervescence. When one drinks the bubbling brew they begin to feel lighter than air for a few moments and may even leave the ground until the gas is expelled (through one exit or another). The barrel itself is weighted down with rocks as to not fly away, but still feels as light as a feather even when full.
Dead Sprite in a Bottle	Magical Artifact	 If a Character dies with this on their person their soul will be transported into the dead sprite giving it life and the consciousness of the dead character. There is no reason to suspect this item has this quality, and no one knows quite why it works. Some say a Link is formed between the person and the sprite. Additionally the bottle will not open until the sprite is infused with life, even if they Try force.
Metal Blade	Throwing Weapon	 A black gem on the back of a glove. Flicking the wrist creates a vicious-looking metal disk lined with razor-sharp teeth. When thrown, deals 1d8 damage plus strength. Blade gains +1 to hit every five levels.
Leaf Shield	Defensive Weapon	 A small green gem affixed to a bracelet. On activation, a cloak of swirling leaves surrounds the wielder, granting +5 to AC. The user cannot attack or move while the shield is active. The shield can be deactivated, or the mass of leaves can be ejected to fly off in any direction, dealing 1d6 damage to whatever it hits. Once thrown or deactivated, shield cannot be reactivated for 1d4 rounds.
Atomic Fire	Chargeable Weapon	 A red gem set in the palm of a glove. The gem can be charged via concentration, up to 5 rounds. When discharged, shoots a fireball in a straight line. Fireball diameter is 1 ft per round charged, and deals 1d6 damage per round of charge. Dissipates when it hits an enemy.
Orb of Eroticism	Better than Nothing Magical Item	 The creator of the Orb is lost to history, but the Orb has turned up seemingly at random in various times and places. Most owners won't admit to owning it due to it's dubious moral nature, but all enjoy it. Touching the orb inspires lust in the toucher - first a small sensation growing stronger the longer you hold it. Eventually, your urges become unignorable, and the consequences can be...interesting.
Tiny Tentacle Plant	Better than Nothing Magical Item	 The Tiny Tentacle Plant is a miniature potted plant that has been magically enhanced - it eats magical items, or fragments thereof. It never seems to get bigger than about six inches high, and about 6 tentacles in size, loves direct sunlight but scorches in the heat - perfect for the windowsill in an adventurer's bedroom.
Lever of Vecna	Better than Nothing Magical Item	 A large enchanted crowbar, for opening incredibly large drink containers. Even mentioning it to the priesthood or followers of Vecna is enough to get you murdered on the spot.
Goblet of Natural Corruption	Better than Nothing Magical Item	 Similar to a goblet of endless water, this container never empties and must be kept tightly sealed. However, the purity of the water inside has been corrupted. Rather than clean drinking water, the goblet produces a thick blue goo that drives plants into a wild, dangerous form. When allowed to pour its contents on any sort of natural flora, it will corrupt the area at 1d4 square feet/round.
Delver's Cask	Booze	 This oak cask, with silver banding, has a simple engraving of "Delver" on it. There is a simple wooden cork at the top that never rots. Whenver the cork is pulled after being plugged for an entire night, the cask will be filled with ale. After the cask is fully drained, it disappears, reappearing at least a hundred miles away.
Trick Rope	Rope	 This twenty foot length of rope is made of a material that is wholly unfamiliar to the casual observer. It is extremely light, weighing only a quarter of what a similar length of hemp rope would weigh. The rope functions just as normal rope, but when the words "Arath a'Dar" are spoken, the end will form into a perfect lasso.
Splintering Staff	Cursed Staff	 This splintered staff, slightly over six feet long, is straight except for a slight knot at the top. Anyone that holds it for more than one hour will find that they have a splinter in their hand. The splinter immediately burrows beneath the skin, causing intense pain, and will work its way up the victim's arm and toward the heart. Unless the victim has had a Remove Curse spell cast on them within three hours, they will die when the splinter pierces their heart.
Blue Silver	Magical Decor	 A bluish-tinted platter and a small, white cloth. On observing the platter is blue ceramic, but any divining done upon it will reveal that it's actually a rare form of silver that is tinted blue. Whenever the single seed of any single fruit or vegetable are placed on the plate, covered by the cloth, and left alone over night, the next morning, the actual fruit or vegetable will have taken the seed's place.
The Little Tome of Serenity (nonmagical)	calm emotions	 The Little Tome of Serenity appears to be a small paper-bound book with ornate scrollery with the name "Little Tome of Serenity" written in slow sweeping strokes. Looking at the Little Tome of Serenity instantly causes a subtle feeling of calmness to come over the observer. The book can be opened and a passage read from its list of calming wisdom causing all who hear the words to make a DC 5 wisdom save of stop what they are doing and smile gently for 1d6 rounds.
The History of Screaming (nonmagical)	Book/Information	 This truly dull sounding book is an in-depth book on the history of screaming as researched by little-known half-orc linguist Grimf Thurd. It is a truly dry read and takes 40 hours to complete regardless of intelligence level. When/if the reader does complete the book, they are imbued with the knowledge and understanding of the raised voice, giving them a +1 to all vocal-based checks involving yelling or whispering.
This Thing (magical)	Trash/Tool	 This Thing appears to be two purple hemispheres with a copper colored pipe coming out at an angle from off-center of one hemisphere. Nothing is initially known about This Thing, but on a DC 25 inteligence check, it can be determined that when the two purple hemispheres are rotated against each other, a small flame suitable for lighting smoking apparatuses springs out of the copper pipe until the hemispheres are rotated back. This Thing never runs out of fuel.
Very Special Bottle of Wine (nonmagical)	Treasure/Alcohol	 This is a very special bottle of wine which the owner originally intended to deliver to a very important person. This bottle of wine looks completely ordinary and nondescript. It is easily mistaken for a not very special bottle of wine. Those who consume this bottle must make a DC 15 wisdom check in order to avoid trying to refill this bottle with other ingredients in an attempt to placate the bottle's original owner by replacing what they drank.
Good Summer Reading Material (nonmagical)	Book	 This book is perfect reading material for a vacation. It has trash, but different kinds of trash. It has social themes, believable characters, suspense, and thrills. It's about a temporary worker who is 29 and who can't get a boyfriend, and has only 12 days to stop a war with The Elder Dragons.
Chunky Soup (nonmagical)	Food	 A bowl of chunky chunks. This hearty meal sustains for an entire day in just one cup of soup!
A Numbered Tea Kettle (nonmagical)	Trash	 This looks like an ordinary tea kettle save for a large number on the side.
Leather Breastplate (magical) (cursed)	Armor	 This breastplate appears to be a normal leather breastplate except for the fact that it is extremely comfortable. It feels like a pair of comforting hands across your chest. After 6 hours of continual wearing, this breastplate mysteriously catches on fire, dealing 1d10 fire damage to the wearer.
The Orb of Longevity (magical)	Orb	 This orb, when told about a person's life and dietary habits predicts that persons age of death. The orb knows if the user is lying and will only speak about someone to that someone.
Cloak of Masculine Facade (nonmagical)	Cloak	 This very masculine cloak provides the wearer advantage on all non-lethal team based competition checks while worn. However, it also imposes disadvantage on all other interactions. This item requires attunement/disattunement periods of 2 hours.
Moss's Everfilling Bag of Popcorn (magical)	Food	 Prior to interesting events, this bag mysteriously fills with fresh popcorn for all to enjoy!
Stress Detector (magical)	Tool	 This compass-like device has a red needle inside of a glass case which, when held in the palm of the hand, points to numbers 1-20 to indicate the stress level of the holder.
A Racist Torch (magical)	Tool	 This torch can only be lit by Humans.
Indestructible Dinnerware	Tool	 This collection of porcelain plates is indestructible unless dropped or otherwise brought into contact with the ground at which point they catch fire and burn as a piece of wood of that same size.
Jaberwocky (nonmagical)	Trash	 Win. Innovate. Redefine. New Definition. Faster than a Swallow. More powerful than... another swallow! More magnificent then a fish, or a whale. Have you heard about this? Everyone is talking about it. It's the next biggest thing. It will revolutionize the way you live. What is it? Jaberwocky.
Healing Kit (nonmagical)(cursed)	Tool	 This bandage, when applied to the wearer gives a +5 foot bonus to movement speed, and advantage on all dexterity checks for a duration of 12 hours. Afterward, the character takes three levels of exhaustion.
Rune Stones of Tempus	Twelve large standing stones	 These stones when gather together on a mountain, and embiddened with the right incantation, will summon a wraith of the old God of Storms. This God was powerful during the reign of the Giant Empires, and is not a mere shadow of himself. Once they are gathered one of three things will happen: 1) The God Spirit will tell you your future, or grant you a Wish. 2) The God Spirit will go forth and destroy your enemies. 3) The God Spirit will turn on you in an attempt to destroy you. (It will be a Greater Lightning Elemental or the like) Once whatever conclusion has happened, a great thunderclap will sound with a bolt of lightning striking each standing stone. They will then disappear to be scattered across the earth again.
Misses Miggins Healing Hot Pies	Food/Potion	 Misses Miggins is a very old and very skilled baker and alchemist. She many years ago combined her hot cherry or meat pies with her excellently brewed healing potions. Its perfect for the hungry hero, looking more then to guzzle a viscous liquid.
The Humble Blade	Paladin Greatsword	 The Humble Blade appears to be a very old, rusted, pitted and nicked greatsword, with a hilt of tattered dry leather. Upon picking up the blade any equipment or clothes you have on your person will also appear ragged and old, and your appearance will also begin to slowly become more tattered. It is however a +2 Greatsword that when used by a Paladin deals 1d12 Radiant damage with every hit. This only works for a paladin who does not care for their appearance, only for the work they must do for their god.
Eldwizor's Special Pan Flute	Musical Instrument	 Once per day, the pan flute's bearer may play a special, short melody on the pan flute. Doing so summons a quartet of imps that appear in a puff of smoke within ten feet, standing on an assortment of small wooden crates. They begin to play groovy (though slightly creaky) music using their instruments: a pan flute, two lutes and a hand drum. The music lasts for five minutes, after which the imps disappear with their crates in a puff of smoke.
Faerie Torch	wondrous item (torch)	 This torch is alit with a blue, green, or violet flame. The flame sheds dim light in a 10-foot radius, and it creates no heat and doesn't use oxygen. This flame can be covered or hidden, but not smothered or quenched. Anyone openly holding this torch cannot benefit from being invisible.
Behir Blade	Weapon - Greatsword	 A greatsword that hates dragons and loves to kill them. This blade will compel a wielder to slay any dragon and gives them bonus damage on damage rolls. A small amount of sentience nudges wielders in the general direction of the nearest dragon regardless of color, type, or alignment.
Tasha's Gloves of Laughter	Cursed Magical Item	 These exquisitely-made jade green gloves are stylish enough for males or females, and subtly resize themselves to whoever is foolish enough to pick them up. Upon putting both gloves on, the wearer begins to laugh uncontrollably and must make a Will save DC 18 to stop long enough to pull the gloves off again. If they continue laughing for more rounds than their CON bonus, they begin to suffocate, yet continue laughing. Treat as though they were drowning.
The Lover's Gem	Gems	 A simple rose colored gem that shines brighter the closer you get to your soulmate.
Randural's Finger	Weapons	 The finger of an ancient and evil archwizard/emperor of a lost civilization. When used as a spelcasting focus changes the damage type of the spell to necrotic
Belt Buckle of the Battalion	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 A belt buckle shaped like a Rams head, when metal touches the belt buckle the area around it echoes with the sound of a thousand swords being unsheathed
Switching Stones	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 Two matching stones, riverbed smooth with a hole in the center, one green the other red. When both stones have breath blown through the center hole at the exact same time, the two blowers switch places instantaneously.
Compass Of Usefulness	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 Like a regular compass, except with multiple needles each pointing toward different useful things, such as north, the nearest source of fresh water, the strongest nearby evil aura, nearest large concentration of gold, nearest civilization (exact definition of civilization may vary by user), and nearest storm. Needles lengthen and shorten as the object gets closer or further away.
The Truth	Magical Weapon	 A +2 Longsword. Matte grey steel, plain guard and a cloudy white gem on the pommel. Can instantly dispel illusions with a melee touch attack and the pommel glows when being lied to.
+4 Vampiric Keen Wounding Flaming Heavy Crossbow	Gag	 When fired, all it does is unfurl a tiny flag that says THWANG.
Weapon Blacking	Gag	 Can permanently make a weapon an intimidating black
Bracers of Shiv	Weapon	 Two leather bracers, with scabbards attached holding a total of 6, small metal daggers. When an enemy is stabbed by a dagger, the user leaves the dagger in the body. For every dagger added to the victims body, the damage goes up 1 die. (d6,d8,d10,d12,d20). A victim can remove a dagger with a DC10 strength check and take 1d4 damage.
Canteen of Party	Type of Treasure	 A canteen that upgrades its contents, when water is poured in a random fruit juice pours out, juice in ale out, ale>wine>vodka>rum>Whiskey>Dwarven Stout> poison> water.
Troll Fist Hammer	Weapon	 A stone Troll hand attached to a 3' wooden stave. Obeys Commands: Grabbit, Leggo, Fist.
Blanket of Fire	Better then Nothing Magical Item	 A heavy wool blanket that unfurls to a roaring campfire, roll it up to extinguish.
Hearthstone	Better then Nothing Magical Item	 A custom of Fharlanghan clerics, a white porous stone that is kept in the middle of each nights campfire. If used for 3 consecutive nights, the stone will begin to keep undead away while in the fire.
Ever Billowing Cloak	Better then Nothing Magical Item	 A cloak that always billows dramatically
Boots of the Island	Magical Item	 Supple leather boots, stained with salt. When the wearer steps onto water a 5' diameter island of sand appears at his feet. Supporting her above the water.
The Cat Came Back	Weapon	 A great wizards, before her death, placed her former familiar Harley's mind in a clockwork cat. Harley is aloof and lazy like most cats, but he will follow whoever holds his mouse squeaky toy. Harley looks like a black cat at a quick glance but closer inspection shows he is metallic and covered in black soot. Once, a day the owner of the squeaky mouse can send Harley at a foe, and with one squeak of the mouse, Harley will detonate as a Fireball spell dealing 1d6 . But Harley doesn't always listen; percentile die 01- 15 Harley looks at you with a disdainful expression, 16-30 Harley comes to you and rubs against your leg, 31-45 Harley wanders to a random spot , 46-60 Harley takes his time and approaches your target next round, 61-75 Harley bounds to an enemy of his choosing, 76-90 Harley goes right to your target and rubs against its leg, 91-100 Harley immediately dashes to the most tactically sound position. The next morning Harley will reappear somewhere near you, sleeping on a tree branch , batting insects near your campsite, or curled up on your chest when you wake up.
Ever Faithful Dragon	Better Then Nothing Magical Item	 A small statuette of a red dragon, when it's tail is held down it breathes a small continuous flame.
Book of Holding	Magical Item	 A thick leather bound book titled " An In Depth Study of the Whole Shebang: Foreward by They". When another book is placed on top of this one it will slowly sink into the tome, reopening the book and reciting the title will fill the book of holding with that books contents. Close the book and name another title and those pages can the be retrieved.
The Mariner's Joy	Ship in a bottle	 This full-sized boat fit for sailing across the seas is able to be shrunk and put in a bottle with the correct incantation. When out of the bottle, the ship is a large caravel with a black sea serpent on it's two white sails.
Demon's Fury	Longsword	 The sword of a legendary paladin who fell from grace and who made a dark pact with a demon seeking to be freed. After the fallen paladin was killed, her sword was taken by a family member for safekeeping, for an old prophecy tells that this demon will rise again, and another member of the family will right the wrongs of their ancestor wielding this blade.
The Dark Tome	Old book	 This old book was found by an adventurer in a ruined temple in the jungle, who, finding the book unreadable, sold it to an antiquities dealer. No one has yet been able to identify the text, though several have tried, for the script is of the couatls of old. The book is thick, with a simple cover of black leather, which is where the book's name comes from.
Frostbringer	Long staff	 This staff is oddly shaped, made from what appears to be snow-white wood. A blood red leather handle is wound around it, where the wielder is meant to hold it. This is the weapon of the Prince of Frost, and many of the archfey's powers have been absorbed by the staff.
A polished globe of sand quartz	Silvery crystal	 Sand quartz is a mysterious crystal that is mined in the desert. There are stories of people being able to communicate through different globes of sand quartz, but mostly, people just use the opaque silvery gem as a nice-looking object.
Ghelki	Coin	 A small but valuable black iron coin used by a fallen empire. The ghelki has recently been put in use by the orc tribes who have taken over the empire's former lands.
Elixir of Immorality	Potion, consumable	 When ingested, this liquid causes one's alignment to shift to Evil (the L/C axis is unaffected) for the next 1d6x10 minutes.
Handbook of Recursion	Book	 This strange tome describes a dice-based game in which the players describe their actions and roll dice to determine the outcome. It sounds like many an adventure could be had with this curious hobby.
Ring of Chafing	Ring, cursed	 In addition to whatever other properties this ring may have, it also causes an intensely uncomfortable loss of skin beneath it. After 1d6 hours of wearing, the effect reaches a noticeable point, and all attacks made with that hand, or spells cast using somatic components, have a -1 modifier.
Forkroot	Poison	 This odd herb has a bothersome effect on magic users. When ingested, generally through an infusion in a drink, it prevents spellcasting for the next 3d10 minutes, or until the target succeeds a Constitution (or equivalent) saving throw.
Rust Monster Powder	Creature Bits	 This powder comes from the crushed exoskeleton of the rust monster. It can be applied to non-metallic weapons to corrode the armor or weapons of the wielder's enemies.
Bitter Knot	Ring	 A ring carved from a knot in the root of a long-dead tree. It is charred-looking and rough to the touch. The wearer becomes immune to any poisons or diseases taken through the mouth, but all food and drink tastes like ash.
Theophon, Bellringer of the Gods	Weapons	 A large mallet with brass caps on the striking ends of the head. When struck against the ground, it produces a deafening clamor and a shockwave that can knock those nearby off their feet.
King Prochamos and the Snails	Book	 King Prochamos and the Snails is a poem describing a fictional king's disastrous campaign to rid his garden of snails. The poem is meant to be taken as a political allegory for the previous king's ineffectual attempt to extradite a particular group of people.
Hat of the Creator's Exorcism	Better than Nothing Magical Items	 A hat both tall and... gaudy. Anyone wearing the hat will look so garish that they will be asked to leave whatever social event they are attending. At the very least, the host will accept any explanation they give for their departure.
Grey Diadem	Gems	 Grey Diadems are a peculiar form of spinel that forms around a round stone. When removed from the other stone, the Spinel forms a disk with raised edges and (often) a hole in the center, which bears some small resemblance to a crown.
Gravedigger's Lamp	Magic Item	 The glass around the lamp is cloudy and cracked, and any candle placed inside gives only a pitifully weak glow. However, if the lantern is placed somewhere which rarely sees natural light, such as a cave or crypt, the candle will start to burn low. As it burns out, everyone present gently falls asleep. They awaken in the Shadowfell. Also, everyone bathed in the lantern's light while in Shadowfell seems as if they belong and automatically pass Disguise (but not Impersonation) checks.
Malcolm's Dagger	Weapon	 If you write an oath with blood spilled by this dagger, the person who the blood belongs to must fulfill the oath or die.
Great Axe of the Betrayed	Magical Weapon	 Ummm guys.... I got carried away. This axe is always covered with tacky almost dried blood. Even when cleaned the blood always returns. The axe itself has a bad history of betrayal and vengeance which lead to it gaining powers. The axe was originally forged by an elven smith living in a human city along with other weapons. The smith was to forge "100 pounds of good steel" to pay off his gambling debt. The holder of said debt found many "problems" with the expertly crafted steel and kept the elf in servitude for months after the debt was paid. The next instance of betrayal was against the man holding the debt, though he may have deserved it the betrayer had no way of knowing that. A half elf merchant and his men bought the steel in bulk all of the elves work after the forgemaster had been freed. They paid in enchanted copper coins, The holder of the dept was hanged when he paid his taxes in fake gold coins. The Half elf and his men traveled south hoping to trade their ill gotten gains and found the road had been blocked by a tribe of gnolls. A gnome and his band offered to help but only if he got half payment now and the other half when the job was done. This did not end well for the half elf whom paid in a crate of his wares. The gnome returned and said the road was safe and his men would guard the caravan until it reached the town past the plains. He was lying of course and had given the gnolls the crate of weapons in exchange for their help slaughtering the half elf and his men. The gnolls promised the gnome the wealth in exchange for the weapons. They lied too. The gnolls left the scene with all of it including the weapon that would later be called the Axe of the Betrayed. The gnolls lived in a strict matriarchy and the gnoll whom acquired the axe was the brother of the reigning matriarch. Given only select females were allowed to breed any offspring from any non sanctioned unions would be eliminated. A warrior female and the brother to the chief had one such union. He promised to keep the child safe. His weak will saw that the matriarch found out about the child and forced her brother to accompany her as she tracked the mother down. She ran for days but eventually the matriarch and her pathetic sibling caught up with her. On the rocky plains she gave her child to a band of adventurers moments before the Axe of the Betrayed was thrown into her back by her former lover. She died from the wound but not before seeing the confused half orc hand her child over to the matriarch. She watched as it was killed. The axe was left in her back but she would not stay dead. She arose as a Revenant the next night and buried her pup properly. Using her new undead powers the gnoll mother destroyed her former tribe and tracked the band of adventurers in the southern swamps. She was destroyed and her axe taken. Though she still seeks vengeance the Axe has found new owners. The axe itself is magical now and where as it was used to cause great suffering and betrayal the powers that inhabit it seek to right wrongs instead. The axe becomes a +1 weapon against any foe who has attacked a companion of its wielder. This bonus also is gained if the wielder has seen the target harm an innocent. The axe deals 2d12 instead of 1d12 if a companion is reduced to 0 hit points but only on the wielders next turn and on the target causing the damage. (once per turn) If the wielder is seeking to bring justice to a betrayer the axes power truly shines. If the wielder can recount aloud the betrayal the target has caused in combat the next hit the axe lands on the target is automatically a critical.
Necromancer's Hand	Magic Ring	 A simple ring, found on a dismembered, rotting hand in the mud somewhere. While worn, user can cast Mage Hand as a cantrip, but it takes two actions to do so. Also, after every use, the user's hand and arm become rotten and skeletal (including armor and clothing), like the arm of undead. The effect eventually fades, but it takes longer and longer each time. Use this too much, and it'll spread to the rest of the body. If it reaches the body, the bearer dies and becomes undead (but still sentient!)
Backhand Striker	Longsword	 This longsword has been crafted with a short blade on the end of the pommel. When the wielder makes a successful attack with the longsword, they may use a bonus action to attack with the pommel (Dex+Prof to hit, 1d4 + Dex damage)
Boots of Tripping	Boots	 The wearer can choose to use an opportunity attack to trip the enemy by a Dexterity contest. The wearer has advantage on the roll. If the target trips, it falls prone and takes 1d6 falling damage
Spiteful Spear	Weapon	 This wickedly sharp spear has a shaft of dark grey metal with an unpleasant oily sheen. The stuff of shadows constantly coalesces and drips from the tip of the spear. If the spear even scratches an enemy, this dark essence can be used to form a necromantic link between the wielder and the victim. Once per long rest, the wielder of this weapon may activate its special property after successfully striking a target with the spear. Until the end of the encounter, whenever the wielder of the spiteful spear takes damage the target also takes 2 points of damage. This damage is of the same damage type as the attack on the wielder.
Sazaran's Spice Rack	Tools / Supplies	 A small wooden rack that, curiously, only has room for one jar. The jar that comes with this rack is empty. Away from the rack the jar is completely ordinary, it is merely a receptacle for the magic of the rack. To use the power of the spice rack, the lid of the jar must be removed and any spice or edible herb named. The jar immediately fills with the named flavouring. The contents are enough to flavour a single meal for up to ten people. Naming a second spice or herb replaces the contents. Spices and herbs already named can be re-summoned but the amount in the jar will be reduced by the amount previously used. The capacity of the jar for each spice or herb refills after a long rest. No matter the amount used, no flavouring created by the spice rack has the capacity to poison, even if it normally would when ingested in large doses. The spice rack simply cannot create any herb which is inedible. A person may be attuned to this item; if so attuned they can use the spice rack for its real purpose: effectively, an innocuous poisoner's kit. The attuned rack will happily create poisonous herbs for its owner, and any edible herb that is actually poisonous in high doses is now no longer safe when ingested in large amounts.
Superabundant Spice Rack	Supplies	 The original magical spice rack used by Sazaran the Assassin was much admired by a number of people who had no idea of its true purpose, and it inspired imitations. This spice rack functions similarly to Sazaran's Spice Rack, but has no hidden purpose. It is exactly as it seems, and cannot be attuned to create poisons.
Shortrope's quick fingers	Armour	 These black leather gloves give the wearer advantage on all lock picking attempts. As soon as the character dons the gloves, they emit a faint but high pitched hum. This hum grows louder the longer the user goes without taking them off.
Helm of Suicidal Tendencies	Cursed magical helm	 The helm is made of black iron with three rubies inset on the inside of the helm. These rubies glow occasionally, one for each attempt the helm will make on the wearer’s life. At random the helm will attempt to dominate the wearer into a fatal circumstances.
Staff of Protective Shell	Magical quarterstaff	 A staff that allows the wielder a few seconds of invulnerability. It is easily mistakable as an ordinary walking stick – made of finished golden oak wood, it has a few carvings inset along its length and a gnarled knot at the top
Basilisk Eye	Creature Bits	 A Basilisk's eye can be stolen or looted from a live Basilisk. Everone who looks into the eye needs to make a DC 13 Constitution check. If the check is failed, the person is turned to stone.
Grazodim's Necklace	Cursed Artifact	 Grazodim was a greedy man during his life. His necklace was his prize which he kept around his neck until his grave. The necklace itself refused to stay put as it took on the life and greed of it's former master. Anyone who wears the necklace will be able to communicate with it. It will tell the character where to find gold using (Wisdom) Perception checks. It won't rest until it has obtained new gold every day. If the wearer refuses, the necklace will choke the character until it's dead and use it's body to move around, looking for a new wearer or new gold. It can be removed with a Remove Curse spell.
The Sword of Bawking	Magical Weapon	 The Sword of Bawking is best presented among many seemingly normal chickens. It begins as a simple chicken that appears nothing more than dinner. However, when it senses danger for the person who last fed it, it hops up and transforms into a powerful sword. Its head becomes the pommel, its neck the grip, its wings the guard, and its legs fuse to become the long blade. It functions as a (insert enchantment level) longsword until all the danger is dispelled, at which point it turns into a normal chicken once more and acts as if nothing ever happened. If bred with another of its species, it's chicks will transform into daggers in the same manner.
Bloody Cultist Coinage	Currency	 A number of shimmering rose-gold disks about an inch in diameter, and thicker than an average coin. They are stamped with complex geometric patterns, the grooves of which are stained with blood.
Pilgirm's Boots	Better than nothing magical item	 These beautiful calf-skin boots were crafted by a leatherworker named Corneli for his love Adele, to aid her in her lengthy pilgrimage to The Holy Rock. For many weeks on end he worked, weaving subtle magic between and among his stitches. Once the shining brass buckles are secured, the wearer of these boots will never tire from traveling on foot. The boots do not dirty from the dust of the road, nor do they ever seem to wear out. However, before he gave the boots to Adele, Corneli's jealous rival, the Enchanter Aneu, cursed them with a dread bewitchment. Whenever the wearer attempts to move at a faster pace than a walk, the buckles will come unclasped, causing them to stumble and fall. Corneli - who knew nothing of the curse - gave the boots to Adele on the day of her departure. The two lovers took a bit too long saying their goodbyes, and so she was forced to hurry to catch up with the other pilgrims. As she ran across the Red River Bridge, Aneu's enchantment took effect, and she fell off into the water and drowned. Corneli was heartbroken, and buried Adele's body by the bridge where she died. He never forgave himself for what he thought was his own failure. He threw the boots into the river, and vowed to never work magic ever again.
Staff of the Time Magus	Powerful Magical Item	 This oak staff clutches a sapphire at its tip and is otherwise a perfectly normal, if knobbled and twisted, staff. It contains 2d6 charges, one of which may be expended as a bonus action to weave fates together. When a charge is used after casting a spell that requires a saving throw with the staff as an arcane focus all forms of advantage are cancelled and all targets have disadvantage on their saving throw. Legendary Resistance may still be used. If all charges on the staff are expended then it shatters and it is destroyed at all points in its timeline, which is convoluted and strange, it reforms three months later at all points along its timeline. Due to the convoluted nature of time with the staff there may be multiple versions of the staff in existence at the same time, which will instantly shatter if touched together. In order to permanently destroy the staff some way must be found to seclude two of them from the stream of time and then touch them together. This will mark the end of the timeline of the staff and it may not exist after that point.
A Jar of Dirt	Better than Nothing Magical Item	 A glass jar that is always filled with dirt. No matter how much is removed or poured out, the jar does not empty. The bottom is opaque, and serves as a small one-way gate to the elemental plane of earth, from where the dirt comes. If the jar is damaged, it becomes simply a normal glass jar. The dirt pours out (with the jar upended) at approximately 0.5ft3 per second under standard conditions. I've got a jar of diiirrt, I've got a jar of diiirrt, I've got a jar of diiirrt, and guess what's inside it! [More dirt].
Forestwalk Boots	Magic Item - Boots	 Inspired by the 'landwalk' abilities in Magic: the Gathering, that allow creatures to move through specific terrain unimpeded or unseen. Soft leather, covered with dry grass. Increase speed by ten feet when outside and not slowed by terrain. When obscured by moderate foliage, wearer may use their Action to become invisible until they make an attack, cast a spell, or are in an area of no foliage. Worn leather, sand-covered and salt-stained. Create patches of sand beneath the surface of deep water able to support the wearer's weight. Wearer may wade across any amount of deep water as though through difficult terrain, the sand sinking again after them. Unidentifiable leather, heavily water damaged. When in shallow water, grant advantage on Athletics or Acrobatics checks to keep footing, wearer does not suffer movement penalties from terrain, and wearer may Disengage or Hide as a Bonus Action on their turn. Blackened leather, caked with dried mud. Grant advantage on Athletics or Acrobatics checks to keep footing on rock, and wearer does not suffer movement penalties from rocky terrain. Wearer gains a climb speed on rock equal to their normal movement. Tough leather, scuffed and covered with underbrush. Grant advantage on Athletics checks to climb plants. Wearer may use adjacent tree branches to move at full speed as long as they begin and end their movement on branches able to support their weight.
